
Home
Articles
Bundle
About Us
Cycles Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us at Perigee and we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. Here are a few of our fundamental privacy principles:
? If you invite your partner to share your menstrual cycle, they can only see your cycle phases: period, pregnancy, fertility and PMS days. Nothing else is shared.
? We aggregate and de-identify certain information about our users to use for business purposes.
? Information you share with Cycles is not publicly accessible.
Our privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") explains the information we collect, how we use and share it, how to manage your privacy settings, and your rights in connection to when you use our Cycles applications, software, websites, APIs and services (collectively, "Cycles").
Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with in or through Cycles.
Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy can be submitted by email to privacy@perigee.se
Personal Data Controller
The company responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
Company Name
Perigee AB
Corporate Identity No.
556906-9882
Address
Gustav Adolfs Torg 10A,
211 39 Malmö, Sweden
Email
contact@perigee.se
Processing of Your Information
Perigee collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including:
? Where you have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time. For example, you may consent to sharing your menstrual cycle with a Partner.
? Where necessary to comply with legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims.
? Where necessary in the public interest, such as most common symptoms related to menstrual cycles. For this purpose we de-identify your personal data and aggregate all data so it can't be linked to you.
? Where necessary for the purposes of Perigee's or a third party's legitimate interest, such as those of visitors, members or partners.
We do this to understand your needs, improve Cycles, deliver personalized insights and other core functionality in Cycles, such as sharing your menstrual cycles with a partner, keeping your data up to date across multiple devices, automatic backup of your data etc., as well as to keep Cycles safe and secure by protecting against fraud, spam, abuse etc.
Information We Collect
All data collected by Perigee is necessary to deliver the Cycles experience. We try to deliver the best possible experience with as little data collected as possible.
If you disagree with the collection and processing of this data you should stop using Cycles, delete your account and uninstall the application.
Always collected
When you use Cycles, including use without an account, personal and non-personal data is transmitted to Perigee and some third-party services. The following type of data is collected:
Usage information
When you use Cycles we collect event and usage data to better understand which features are the most useful to our users on an aggregated level. The information collected is for example; how often certain symptoms are tracked, or how often Cycles is used.
Contact information
If you chose to provide us with your contact information, for example by emailing us, we will use this to respond to support requests and comments.
Technical information
We collect technical information from the devices you use to access Cycles. This information is used to analyze trends, bugs and protect and secure Cycles. The information collected includes network information; including IP addresses, timestamps, log files, and operating system.
When you have an Account
When you have an Account we also collect the following type of data:
Account information
We collect information such as name, email address, to help us secure access to your Cycles Account.
Health and sensitive data
We store the dates of your past and current periods as well as symptoms or events you choose to track in Cycles. Optional symptoms to track can be data such as basal body temperature, pain, cravings, sexual activity, cervical mucus quality etc. It is only when you create a Cycles account we start storing all your health and sensitive data on our servers.
You can withdraw your consent to store this data at any time by deleting your Account. If you do so you can still use Cycles without an Account and all your personal data and health data will stay on your device locally only. If you use Cycles without an Account, make sure to take regular backups to avoid loss of your data.
Third-Party Accounts
If you choose to sign up and log in to Cycles using accounts you created with third-party services such as Sign in with Apple (collectively, "Third-Party Accounts") we will collect information that you agreed to make available such as name, email address and profile information. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account provider and is provided to Perigee under their privacy policies. You can generally control what information they share with us by using their privacy settings.
Use across our services
We may combine information we collect from you with information obtained from third parties and information derived from any other subscription, product or service we provide.
How We Use Information
Perigee uses the information we collect to operate and improve Cycles as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we use past and current menstrual cycles information and average lengths to forecast future dates for when your periods will start.
We store your health and sensitive data to your Account to offer the functionality of connecting with your partner, syncing your data across your devices and maintaining a backup of your data in case you lose or change your device. We process related symptoms and other events to give personalized insights and statistics for you.
We use your usage information to analyze and improve Cycles. To accomplish this Perigee may use third party providers to analyze and gain insight into how Cycles is used and to help us improve Cycles.
We may use your email address to send you service and marketing related notices if you have agreed to receive such messages. Those emails can be unsubscribed from with clear and simple instructions in the email. We may also use your email address to notify you on updates to our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use.
We use your device information to send you notifications about events that occur in Cycles. You can always control what notifications you receive from Cycles from the Settings section in the applications. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us. Perigee will use your information to communicate with you, for example by sending you notifications.
How Information Is Shared
We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties, such as common symptoms during different phases of the menstrual cycle, average cycle lengths etc.
To analyze, gain insight and improve Cycles we might share de-identified information with third-parties. These third parties will only receive the information needed to perform these specific actions, and Perigee will never share more information than necessary.
Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Perigee such as supporting and improving Cycles or promoting Cycles. These service providers will only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information.
We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of Cycles over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote Cycles or display information that may be relevant to your interests in Cycles or other websites or services.
Legal Requirements
Our primary legal duty is under European law, and have no duty to disclose private health data to US authorities. Because we're governed under European law you can rest assured that an order by a U.S. court or any other third party outside of the EU is not a legal basis for a transfer of personal data.

We may disclose your information in response to European subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
How We Protect Information
We work hard to keep your data safe in Cycles from the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. We use a combination of technical controls to maintain the security of your data. This includes using industry standard Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt many of our services and ensure that information is transmitted and stored securely in Cycles. In addition to this, we protect this information using advanced firewall technology.
Although we use a combination of industry standards to maintain the security of your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and Perigee cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Perigee. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
To protect data on your device we recommend all our users to use a complex passcode, TouchID or FaceID to unlock the device Cycles is installed on. In addition to activating the device lock you can set an app specific lock on Cycles from the the applications settings. Both a 4-pin code, TouchID and FaceID is available to protect your app from unauthorised access, even if someone has access to your device.
Your Rights
Cycles provides options in the Settings to access and control your personal information. If you need any further assistance regarding your rights, feel free to contact us either from the applications or through the contact form at http://perigee.se/support.
Notifications and Email Preferences
You can stop receiving certain notifications by toggling off the reminder in the Reminders section in Cycles. You may also unsubscribe by following the clear instructions contained at the bottom of each email. Administrative or service-related emails (to confirm a purchase, updates to Privacy Policy, etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the services you requested.
Access Your Data
If you do not have an account then no personal information will be stored outside the device being used. By logging in to your account, you can access much of your information.
You also have the option to download your personal data we have on you when logged in to your Cycles Account.
Editing and Deleting Your data
From Cycles you can always edit your information such as name, password etc. You can also edit or delete specific recorded events like period start dates, physical symptoms, cravings etc.
You may delete your account directly from Cycles. Once deleted, all your data, including account, menstrual cycles, body symptoms, moods, events etc. cannot be reinstated.
Objecting to Data Use
In Cycles you can control our data use. For example you can delete your Account to only keep all your data locally on device. By using the reminders settings you can limit the notifications which you receive from Cycles, and you can revoke access from Apple Health through the health settings which prevents Cycles from accessing or sharing your health information with Apple Health.
Your consent for processing health and sensitive data
If you create an account with Cycles, your personal data-including sensitive data and data related to your health-is stored on your device and is also stored and processed on our servers. This is done so we can offer you backups of your data and to enable additional features such as connecting with your partner and using Cycles on multiple devices.
By creating an account with Cycles you explicitly consent that:
1. Cycles may store and process personal data you provide through the usage of the Cycles app and through the account creation process solely for the purpose of providing Cycles to you and to improve Cycle's services. Such services may include sending you information and reminders through the Cycles app or to the email address you provided for your account.
2. Personal data you provide to Cycles through the account creation process includes personal data you enter into the Cycles app, such as your account data (e.g. your name and email address), and your cycle data (e.g. period length, pain, or spotting). Depending on the data you provide, it may also contain information about your general health (e.g. body temperature, and if you engage in sexual intercourse).
3. Cycles will not transmit any of your personal data to third parties, except if it is required to provide the Cycles service to you (e.g. technical service providers), unless Cycles has asked for your explicit consent.
You may withdraw your consent to this use of your data at any time by deleting your Cycles account. If you choose to do so, you may continue using the Cycles app without an account, but since a copy of your data will no longer be stored on our servers, please be sure to make regular backups of your data to avoid data loss-we are not able to retrieve lost data of users without Cycles accounts.
Data Retention
We keep information as long as it is necessary to operate Cycles. We keep all of your information until you either delete your account or if your account has been inactive after 3 years of no activity in Cycles, whichever happens first. Following the deletion of your account, it may take up to 60 days to fully delete your personal information from our systems.
Additionally, we may retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the Terms of Use or take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to Perigee, such as statistics of the use of Cycles.
Children
If you are under the age 16 you are not allowed to create an account or submit any personal data through Cycles. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet use and to help us enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide any personal data through Cycles.
If you become aware that a child under the age of 16 has submitted personal data to us, please contact us at contact@perigee.se.
If we learn that we have accessed and stored personal information about a child under the minimum required age, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Changes to This Policy
Perigee has the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it occasionally. We will notify you before we make any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity to review the revised policy.
Any and all material changes shall come into effect between you and Perigee upon your acceptance of such changes (e.g. by using Cycles after such notification has been made to you or renewing your subscription).
If you object to any change in the Privacy Policy you should immediately delete your account and stop using Cycles.
This policy was last modified on October 4, 2023
HomeArticlesBundlePressCareersAbout UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service
Made with  in Malmö.



