Privacy Policy
Lifesum/Movesum Privacy Policy
By installing our mobile application or in any way using or accessing our Services, you indicate you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and the processing of your personal data.
Personal data controller
Responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
Company name
Lifesum AB
Corporate identity no:
556729-2841
Address
Repslagargatan 17B,
118 46 Stockholm, Sweden
E-mail
contact@lifesum.com
Information about personal data we collect
When you register for Lifesum's Services, we collect personal data from you such as: your email address, first and last name, height, weight, date of birth, and gender.
When you continue using the Lifesum Services you regularly upload personal data onto your account such as, depending on your use of the Services: your calorie intake, weight loss goal/weight gain goal, activity/diet routines, your body measurements, and BMI.
When you use the Lifesum Services, we also collect information from your device, such as, device identifiers and characteristics, app version, os version and non-precise location data.
You may also, optionally, connect Lifesum to third party health apps and step counters, allowing us to collect and share data on calorie intake, exercise, steps taken and hydration levels with those partners.
Our use of your personal data
Your privacy is important to us, and we will only process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and relevant personal data regulation.
Data processing necessary to provide the Services
As a part of offering the Services to you. we process your personal data that you provide us with at the time of registration, such as:
? First and last name
? E-mail
? Date of birth
? Country of residence
? Weight
? Height
? Device identifiers (i.e. information on what device, IP-address, etc. you use to register and log on to the Services), and
? Technical information related to your use of your device which could be attributed to you (i.e. geo-location data, access history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the application or advertisements) which is used to provide the Services and to allow Lifesum to market to you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
As you continue to use the Services, you will regularly provide Lifesum with further personal data. It follows from the nature of the Services that we must process such data that you upload to the Services to enable the Services, for example, we will process your weight data and calorie intake to enable the monitoring and presentation of your personal goals (whether it be weight loss or weight gain). This processing is a prerequisite for us being able to offer the Services to you.
If you connect to the Services using a Third-Party Application for authentication e.g. Facebook Login or Google Auth, Lifesum will collect and use your personal information from such Third Party Applications such as your username, name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, and gender. Similarly, if you connect your Lifesum account with a Third Party Application for tracking your nutrition, exercise, hydration, sleep, or step count data, e.g., Apple HealthKit, Google Health Connect, Fitbit, Withings, Oura, Runkeeper or Garmin, Lifesum may share or process such data with said Third Party Application to provide the requested integration. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information about how these third parties process your data.
? When you grant us permissions to read your exercise, nutrition, calorie, or steps data from a third party application, we can use it to automatically populate your diary view, to include it in calculations of your calorie balance and weekly Lifescore recommendations.
? When you grant us permission to read your sleep data from a third party application, we can use it to visualize how the quality of your sleep relates to your nutrition and exercise.
? When you grant us permission to write nutrition and hydration data to a third party application, this lets you leverage Lifesum's user interface and food database for tracking what you eat and drink into several systems at once.
For some of the data mentioned above, collected from you and processed by Lifesum for certain features of the Services, it may be possible for us to delete and cease processing for the future if you so require, without your having to terminate your use of the entire Services, i.e., not all data (submitted over time by you to us either directly or through third-party services) is required for you to still be able to use the Services. If you want us to cease processing certain data about you under this category, we will inform you about the consequences of such cessation. Specifically, we will inform you how any deletion of your data will affect your use of the features of the Services.
Customer relationship as a legal ground
It should be noted that marketing sent by Lifesum to you on the basis of a customer relationship as a legal ground for processing personal data does not require a consent. Such data will be processed and used in compliance with relevant personal data regulation. Note that you may have a right to object to processing under this legal basis depending on the jurisdiction you live in.
Profiling
Lifesum's Services are based on a profound knowledge of best practice with regard to health. Lifesum cooperates with nutritionists, behavioral psychologists, personal trainers, and stress experts to stay on top of the latest research and science. In addition, Lifesum analyzes the usage of the Services in order to provide you as a user with the most relevant features of the Services as possible with regard to your personal goals. In analyzing the usage of the Services, Lifesum will process certain data for so-called profiling. Profiling means processing of your and other users' personal data to analyze or predict aspects of your use of the Services, behavior, and location in reaching your health goal. The data processed will be user habits where we will track actions taken by you, such as when you move between screens, press buttons, and take actions on the Services. The purpose of the profiling is to monitor how engaged users are in different features of our Services, find out ways to make the Service more effective (fit for purpose). and vary the features or content to better match your individual usage patterns and preferences.
The profiling of your data can also be used as the basis for marketing towards other new potential customers on platforms other than the Lifesum Services, such as other social media platforms. Please note that this so-called look-alike process of recruiting new customers does not mean that you will receive any marketing. Nor does it mean that any other third parties will gain access to your data for any other purpose than for Lifesum to reach new customers, i.e. third party providers (for example social media) will only process your data on behalf of Lifesum as processors. See further under "Transfer of data" below.
Lifesum's processing of your personal data for profiling purposes as described above does not require any consent as a legal ground to be processed. If this should be the case, i.e. if, under relevant personal data regulation, consent is required for the use as described above, you hereby give your consent to Lifesum to use your personal data as defined above for profiling, for the purpose of improving the Services, and for providing customer support.
Direct marketing
Lifesum may use your personal data for profiling and direct marketing purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, by Lifesum or Lifesum's selected business partners. Profiling will be used for marketing purposes to enable personalized and relevant offers to you, based on your preferences, see more above under Profiling.
The use of personal data for direct marketing purposes will only concern such offers that have a close relation to your use of the Service and the offers will be sent to you by Lifesum; no personal data will be transferred to third parties for direct marketing purposes. This processing is based on a legitimate interest, on our side the interest to offer you the best possible service, on your side the possibility to be offered relevant products and services relevant to your use of the Service and for third parties to reach you with such offers.
Opt-out from direct marketing
In case you do not want Lifesum to use your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, you may at any time unsubscribe from any further messages by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of such a message, or by using such opt-out features as are available in the app settings in the Services.
In-app advertising
Lifesum may present you with ads within the free version of the app. With your consent, your data may be used to build a profile of your interests and use such profile information to serve you more relevant ads. To users that do not consent to ads personalization, we may still serve non-personalized ads based on legitimate interests.
Cookies
Lifesum uses cookies in order to function properly. We use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them).
A cookie is a small text file which is created by the websites you visit and may contain information about you as a visitor. These text files are stored on your computer and, for instance, keep you from having to remember your password. Information from cookies may be used to improve the user experience and/or the Services and to target marketing campaigns and offers to our customers.
If you do not accept cookies, you can prevent cookies from being saved on your computer by changing the settings of your web browser. You can also delete cookies which have been previously stored. In such cases, please refer to the help section of your internet browser. If you choose not to accept cookies, you can still use our Services, but their functionality may be somewhat limited.
Rectification of personal data
You have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data processed by Lifesum. If a request for rectification concerns data that is necessary for Lifesum to offer the Services, such requests will have the effect that your account will be terminated at Lifesum.
If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us at https://lifesum.com/contact. An application shall be made in writing and must be signed by you. Alternatively, you can also rectify your personal data by deleting your account via the Services.
Transfer of data
Personal data collected from you may be shared with third-party providers of Lifesum that process personal data on behalf of Lifesum; such as server hosting providers, data storage providers, companies carrying out system and sales performance monitoring, customer support systems- and payment service providers.
At times, some of your personal data by may be transferred and processed to processors, as described above, that are established in the United States or other countries (some of which will be outside the EEA). Lifesum will always apply safeguards to protect your personal data from unauthorized disclosure. We may also transfer your personal data in the event that our business (or part of it) is sold, for instance, as part of a merger or acquisition. In case of transfer of data to third parties that are outside of the EU or EEA and that do not offer an adequate level of data protection, Lifesum will apply the EU Commission's model clauses and/or binding corporate rules, or similar instruments/mechanism, for the safeguarding of integrity and security.
Lifesum may further disclose your personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation if we reasonably believe that this is required by law, regulation, or other legislation, or in order to protect and defend Lifesum, our business partners, or users' rights and interests, subject always to relevant applicable personal data regulation.
Portability
You have the right to receive your personal data which you have provided to Lifesum in accordance with relevant personal data regulation, provided that such request does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Complaints
If you have any questions or complaints about our processing of your personal data, you are welcome to contact us at https://lifesum.com/contact. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Security of the personal data we process
The security and integrity of your personal data are important to us. In addition to complying with applicable relevant personal data regulation, we use accepted industry standards, technologies, and procedures, such as firewalls, security software, etc., in order to protect the integrity of your personal data and to prevent any unauthorized access. We also urge you to use a unique and strong password to your user account on the Lifesum services as well as to protect such password. You should further limit access to your computer and browser and log out after having used the Lifesum Services.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California, the California Civil Code provides you with some additional rights beyond those specified above. California's Civil Code section 1798.100, et seq.provides residents of California the "right to know," the "right to delete," and the "right to opt-out."
Right to Know
You may request that Lifesum provide you the specific pieces of personal information that Lifesum has about you, categories of personal information we have collected about you, categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, categories of personal information that Lifesum sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you, categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information. Please note that much of the information you can make a request for is already contained in this Privacy Policy.
Should you wish to exercise this right, please see the section below which explains how to do so. If you do not have an account with Lifesum, we may ask for some personal information in order to verify your identity and your rights to the data subject to your request. This is because Lifesum is prohibited from disclosing specific pieces of personal information pursuant to a request under this section if we have not verified that the individual requesting the information is the individual to whom the information relates. As a consequence, we will match your identifying and authenticating information you provide as part of your request to the information we have in our databases to make sure we provide only you with your information.
Right to Delete
California law gives residents a limited right to request deletion of their personal information. However, this right is limited by a number of exceptions. Fundamentally, if Lifesum has a permissible need to retain personal information, we are not under an obligation to delete such information, even when requested. Generally, we retain personal information so we may complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected; provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between us and you; detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity; debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended unctionality of our online properties; enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with Lifesum; comply with a legal obligation; or otherwise use your personal information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information. As such, we generally do not accept requests to delete personal information. However, we will respond to requests to remove personal information from some of our systems as part of a request to close or otherwise disable a membership account. If you would like to request deletion of personal information, please see the section below which explains how to do so. If you do not have an account with Lifesum, we may ask for some personal information in order to verify your identity and your rights to the data subject to your request.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
Lifesum does not sell your Personal Information to third parties, and as such, there is no need for you to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
Designating an Authorized Agent
California law permits California residents to designate an agent to manage their rights under California law. If you would like to designate an agent to manage your privacy preferences, you may do so using the mechanisms noted below under "Exercising California Privacy Rights." Note that If you do not have an account with Lifesum, we may ask for some personal information in order to verify your identity and your rights to the data subject to your request. We will also need sufficient personal information about your authorized agent to be able to identify them. As part of this process, you must have permission from your authorized agent to disclose their personal information to us for the purpose of acting as your agent.
Non-discrimination
California law does not permit Lifesum to discriminate against you because you exercised any your rights under this title, including, but not limited to, by denying you access to goods or services; charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; providing a different level or quality of goods or services; or suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising California privacy rights
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights, you may do so by going to our website at www.lifesum.com/californiaprivacyrights, emailing us at https://lifesum.com/contact, or calling +1 (800) 944 1644. You may also contact us directly in the Lifesum app via Me / Settings / Support and then clicking on the contact button in that section.
Children
If you are under age 13, you are not allowed not submit any personal data through our Services. Further, we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet use and to help us in enforcing our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide any personal data through our Service without their permission. If you become aware that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal data to us, please contact us at https://lifesum.com/contact.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, it may become necessary to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we reserve the right to update and/or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by giving notice to you. Please review this Privacy Policy frequently, and especially before you register an account with us. The date of the last modification is listed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Contact
We will communicate with you by email and through notices posted on your mobile device. If you do not wish to receive notices on your mobile device, you can always turn off this service. Please be aware that if you unsubscribe from our mailing list, you will still receive answers to your questions sent to our support but you will not receive promotional emails.
We welcome your feedback regarding our Services. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at https://lifesum.com/contact.
Last Updated: 05/14/2023

