Not Boring Software Ltd Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 13, 2025
End-User License Agreement (Terms of Use)

(Not Boring) Weather, (Not Boring) Calculator, (Not Boring) Timer, (Not Boring) Habits, (Not Boring) Vibes, (Not Boring) Camera is licensed to You (End-User) by Not Boring Software Ltd, located at Seattle, Washington, United States ("Licensor"), for use only under the terms of this License Agreement. We are registered in Delaware, United States and have our registered office at 51 N Broad St, Suite 206, Middletown, DE 19709.
By downloading any of the Licensed Applications from Apple's software distribution platform ("App Store"), and any update thereto (as permitted by this License Agreement), You indicate that You agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, and that You accept this License Agreement. App Store is referred to in this License Agreement as "Services."
The parties of this License Agreement acknowledge that the Services are not a Party to this License Agreement and are not bound by any provisions or obligations with regard to the Licensed Applications, such as warranty, liability, maintenance and support thereof. Not Boring Software Ltd, not the Services, is solely responsible for the Licensed Applications and the content thereof.
This License Agreement may not provide for usage rules for the Licensed Applications that are in conflict with the latest Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions ("Usage Rules"). Andy Works LLC acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules and this License Agreement is not conflicting with them.
(Not Boring) Weather, (Not Boring) Calculator, (Not Boring) Timer, (Not Boring) Habits, (Not Boring) Vibes when purchased or downloaded through the Services, are licensed to You for use only under the terms of this License Agreement. The Licensor reserves all rights not expressly granted to You. (Not Boring) Weather, (Not Boring) Calculator, (Not Boring) Timer, (Not Boring) Habits, (Not Boring) Vibes, (Not Boring) Camera are to be used on devices that operate with Apples operating systems ("iOS" and "Mac OS").
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. THE APPLICATIONS
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE
3. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
4. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT
5. USE OF DATA
6. USER-GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
7. CONTRIBUTION LICENSE
8. LIABILITY
9. WARRANTY
10. PRODUCT CLAIMS
11. LEGAL COMPLIANCE
12. CONTACT INFORMATION
13. TERMINATION
14. THIRD-PARTY TERMS OF AGREEMENTS AND BENEFICIARY
15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
16. APPLICABLE LAW
17. MISCELLANEOUS
1. The Applications
(Not Boring) Weather, (Not Boring) Calculator, (Not Boring) Timer, (Not Boring) Habits, (Not Boring) Vibes, (Not Boring) Camera ("Licensed Applications") are pieces of software created to check the weather, calculate, timers, track habits, play music - and customized for iOS mobile devices ("Devices"). They are used to check the weather, calculate, timers, track habits, play music.
The Licensed Applications are not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use these Licensed Applications. You may not use the Licensed Applications in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
2. Scope of License
2.1 You are given a non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license to install and use the Licensed Applications on any Devices that You (End-User) own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules, with the exception that such Licensed Applications may be accessed and used by other accounts associated with You (End-User, The Purchaser) via Family Sharing or volume purchasing.
2.2 This license will also govern any updates of the Licensed Applications provided by Licensor that replace, repair, and/or supplement the first Licensed Applications, unless a separate license is provided for such update, in which case the terms of that new license will govern.
2.3 You may not share or make the Licensed Applications available to third parties (unless to the degree allowed by the Usage Rules, and with Andy Works LLC's prior written consent), sell, rent, lend, lease or otherwise redistribute the Licensed Applications.
2.4 You may not reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, integrate, decompile, remove, modify, combine, create derivative works or updates of, adapt, or attempt to derive the source code of the Licensed Applications, or any part thereof (except with Andy Works LLC's prior written consent).
2.5 You may not copy (excluding when expressly authorized by this license and the Usage Rules) or alter the Licensed Applications or portions thereof. You may create and store copies only on devices that You own or control for backup keeping under the terms of this license, the Usage Rules, and any other terms and conditions that apply to the device or software used. You may not remove any intellectual property notices. You acknowledge that no unauthorized third parties may gain access to these copies at any time. If you sell your Devices to a third party, you must remove the Licensed Applications from the Devices before doing so.
2.6 Violations of the obligations mentioned above, as well as the attempt of such infringement, may be subject to prosecution and damages.
2.7 Licensor reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of licensing.
2.8 Nothing in this license should be interpreted to restrict third-party terms. When using the Licensed Applications, You must ensure that You comply with applicable third-party terms and conditions.
3. Technical Requirements
3.1 The Licensed Applications require a firmware version 16.0.0 or higher. Licensor recommends using the latest version of the firmware.
3.2 Licensor attempts to keep the Licensed Applications updated so that it complies with modified/new versions of the firmware and new hardware. You are not granted rights to claim such an update.
3.3 You acknowledge that it is Your responsibility to confirm and determine that the app end-user device on which You intend to use the Licensed Applications satisfies the technical specifications mentioned above.
3.4 Licensor reserves the right to modify the technical specifications as it sees appropriate at any time.
4. Maintenance and Support
4.1 The Licensor is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services for these Licensed Applications. You can reach the Licensor at the email address listed in the App Store Overview for these Licensed Applications.
4.2 Not Boring Software Ltd and the End-User acknowledge that the Services have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to these Licensed Applications.
5. Use of Data
You acknowledge that Licensor will be able to access and adjust Your downloaded Licensed Applications content and Your personal information, and that Licensor's use of such material and information is subject to Your legal agreements with Licensor and Licensor's privacy policy:
https://www.andy.works/privacy.
You acknowledge that the Licensor may periodically collect and use technical data and related information about your device, system, and application software, and peripherals, offer product support, facilitate the software updates, and for purposes of providing other services to you (if any) related to the Licensed Applications. Licensor may also use this information to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you.
6. User-Generated Contributions
The Licensed Applications may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or in the Licensed Applications, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Licensed Applications and through third-party websites or applications. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:
1. The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
2. You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Licensed Applications, and other users of the Licensed Applications to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Licensed Applications and this License Agreement.
3. You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness or each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Licensed Applications and this License Agreement.
4. Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
5. Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
6. Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
7. Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
8. Your Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people.
9. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
10. Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
11. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors.
12. Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
13. Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of this License Agreement, or any applicable law or regulation.
Any use of the Licensed Applications in violation of the foregoing violates this License Agreement and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Licensed Applications.
7. Contribution License
By posting your Contributions to any part of the Licensed Applications or making Contributions accessible to the Licensed Applications by linking your account from the Licensed Applications to any of your social networking accounts, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broad cast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate in other works, such as Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions.
We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area in the Licensed Applications. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Licensed Applications and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.
We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to recategorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations in the Licensed Applications; and (3) to prescreen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions.
8. Liability
8.1 Licensors responsibility in the case of violation of obligations and tort shall be limited to intent and gross negligence. Only in case of a breach of essential contractual duties (cardinal obligations), Licensor shall also be liable in case of slight negligence. In any case, liability shall be limited to the foreseeable, contractually typical damages. The limitation mentioned above does not apply to injuries to life, limb, or health.
8.2 Licensor takes no accountability or responsibility for any damages caused due to a breach of duties according to Section 2 of this License Agreement. To avoid data loss, You are required to make use of backup functions of the Licensed Applications to the extent allowed by applicable third-party terms and conditions of use. You are aware that in case of alterations or manipulations of the Licensed Applications, You will not have access to the Licensed Applications.
9. Warranty
9.1 Licensor warrants that the Licensed Applications are free of spyware, trojan horses, viruses, or any other malware at the time of Your download. Licensor warrants that the Licensed Applications work as described in the user documentation.
9.2 No warranty is provided for the Licensed Applications that are not executable on the device, that have been unauthorizedly modified, handled inappropriately or culpably, combined or installed with inappropriate hardware or software, used with inappropriate accessories, regardless if by Yourself or by third parties, or if there are any other reasons outside of Not Boring Software's sphere of influence that affect the executability of the Licensed Applications.
9.3 You are required to inspect the Licensed Applications immediately after installing them and notify Not Boring Software about issues discovered without delay by email provided in Contact Information. The defect report will be taken into consideration and further investigated if it has been emailed within a period of thirty (30) days after discovery.
9.4 If we confirm that the Licensed Applications are defective, Not Boring Software reserves a choice to remedy the situation either by means of solving the defect or substitute delivery.
9.5 In the event of any failure of the Licensed Applications to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify the Services Store Operator, and Your Licensed Applications purchase price will be refunded to You. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Services Store Operator will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Licensed Applications, and any other losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses, and costs attributable to any negligence to adhere to any warranty.
9.6 If the user is an entrepreneur, any claim based on faults expires after a statutory period of limitation amounting to twelve (12) months after the Licensed Applications were made available to the user. The statutory periods of limitation given by law apply for users who are consumers.
10. Product Claims
Not Boring Software Ltd and the End-User acknowledge that Not Boring Software, and not the Services, is responsible for addressing any claims of the End-User or any third party relating to the Licensed Applications or the End-User's possession and/or use of those Licensed Applications, including, but not limited to:
? (i)product liability claims;
? (ii)any claim that the Licensed Applications fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and
? (iii)claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation, including in connection with Your Licensed Applications' use of the HealthKit and HomeKit.
11. Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that You are not located in a country that is subject to a US Government embargo, or that has been designated by the US Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and that You are not listed on any US Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
12. Contact Information
For general inquiries, complaints, questions or claims concerning the Licensed Applications, please contact:
Not Boring Software Ltd, email: support@notbor.ing
13. Termination
The license is valid until terminated by Not Boring Software Ltd or by You. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically and without notice from Not Boring Software Ltd if You fail to adhere to any term(s) of this license. Upon License termination, You shall stop all use of the Licensed Applications, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Applications.
14. Third-Party Terms of Agreements and Beneficiary
Not Boring Software Ltd represents and warrants that Not Boring Software Ltd will comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the Licensed Applications.
In Accordance with Section 9 of the "Instructions for Minimum Terms of Developer's End-User License Agreement," Apple's subsidiaries shall be third-party beneficiaries of this End User License Agreement and - upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this End User License Agreement against You as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
15. Intellectual Property Rights
Not Boring Software Ltd and the End-User acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Licensed Applications or the End-User's possession and use of those Licensed Applications infringes on the third party's intellectual property rights, Not Boring Software Ltd, and not the Services, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge or any such intellectual property infringement claims.
16. Applicable Law
This License Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Delaware excluding its conflicts of law rules.
17. Miscellaneous
17.1 If any of the terms of this agreement should be or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Invalid terms will be replaced by valid ones formulated in a way that will achieve the primary purpose.
17.2 Collateral agreements, changes and amendments are only valid if laid down in writing. The preceding clause can only be waived in writing.
Privacy Policy

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information when using the services provided by Not Boring Software Ltd.
If you choose to use our services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving our products. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use?
Privacy is crucially important to us at Not Boring Software. We don't want to know who you are or how you use our apps. We neither store nor collect any personal data. Where data is required for the use of basic services, we use the minimum amount necessary and never tie it to a personal identifier. We don't share data with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish basic functionality.??
Automatic Information?
Our server software stores basic technical information, such as your IP address, in temporary memory or logs.
Service Providers?
We use a third party service to provide the weather information in (Not Boring) Weather. If you choose to share your location with us when using our apps, we send that location to our third party weather service providers to request local weather information. This data is not stored, shared, or sold with other third parties.
Security?
All communication with the app and website requires HTTPS.
California Privacy Rights?
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Privacy?
Our services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete or destroy such information as soon as possible.
European Union Customers?
By using our services and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information?
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent?
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to This Privacy Policy?
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2020-11-12.
Contact Us?
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at [support@notbor.ing](mailto:support@notbor.ing?subject=Terms%20Page%20Support)


