
Join Now



Memberships
Why PF

Work Out With Us

PF Store

Region:US (English)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
My Account
Need Help?
Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 21, 2024
Thank you for visiting Planet Fitness. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you when you use the Planet Fitness website or app (the "Site"), or certain services of our Planet Fitness clubs (the "Services"). By visiting this Site or otherwise providing us with your information by using our Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy.
We want to assure you that Planet Fitness takes privacy matters very seriously and is committed to protecting your privacy. Therefore, we are providing this Policy to explain our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
This Policy applies when you interact with us through our Site and Services. It also applies anywhere it is linked. It does not apply to third-party websites, mobile applications, or services that may link to the Site or Services or be linked to from the Site or Services. Please review the privacy policies on those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices.
TERMS OF USE
Your use of the Site or the Services and any issues relating to this Policy are subject to Planet Fitness' then-current Terms of Use, which are located on our Site.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice by posting a revised version of the policy on the Site. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you using a conspicuous notice on our homepage or direct communication to you via email or your account. We will obtain your opt-in consent if we use information that we previously collected about you for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes we described in the version of our Policy applicable to you at the time we collected that information. Your use of the Site or any Planet Fitness facility following any revision to this Policy constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you after the revised policy is posted will be subject to the terms and conditions of the revised policy. The date listed above indicates the most recent change or update to this Policy.
PRIVACY DISCLOSURES FOR SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS
Please visit the Your State and EU Privacy Rights page for privacy disclosures that apply only to people who are located in certain jurisdictions.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT 
We collect information that you provide to us or that is otherwise provided to us on your behalf. You may choose to provide certain information in order to access or use certain features or services of the Site or the Services, such as making a purchase, joining one of our clubs, paying your membership fees, requesting information, providing us with information via text message or our mobile application, filling out an employment or franchise application, entering a sweepstakes, logging into certain exercise equipment consoles using your member keytag, or otherwise contacting us.
We may combine information from the Site and Services together and with other information we obtain from our business records. We may use and share information that we aggregate (compile to create statistics that cannot identify a particular individual) or de-identify (strip information of all unique identifiers such that it cannot be linked to a particular individual) at our discretion.
You can always choose not to provide certain information, but it may limit your ability to use a particular service or feature on the Site or the Services.
Information you give us
Categories of information we collect from you include:
● Identifying information (such as name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, corporate or educational affiliations, photograph, contact information, and billing information).
● Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law (such as age and gender).
● Commercial information (such as your transaction history with us).
● Workout and machine usage information.
● Account information such as username, password, unique user ID, and communication preferences.
● Credit card or banking information.
● Reviews and comments.
Information we collect automatically
● We and partners working on our behalf may use log files, cookies, or other digital tracking technologies to collect information from the device you use to interact with our Site. Information we collect automatically includes:
● Device information, including your computer's IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site, the name of the operating system installed on your computer, the name and version of the browser you are using and the date and time of your visit.
● Analytical information, including details about your interaction with our website, app, and electronic newsletters.
● Diagnostic information, including web traffic logs.
● Advertising information, including special advertising and other unique identifiers that enable us or third parties working on our behalf to target advertisements to you. Please be aware that our advertising partners may collect information about you when you visit third-party websites or use third-party apps. They may use that information to better target advertisements to you on our behalf.
● We create business records when you make purchases or otherwise interact with the Site.
Information we collect from third parties
We may also collect information from other sources such as:
● Franchisees.
● Corporate affiliates, which are parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliated entities of Planet Fitness.
● Social media platforms. If you use a social media platform login to access our Site, you will share certain information from your social media account with us including, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be or that you make accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your services account. The specific information transferred depends on your security settings and the privacy policy of your social media network.
● Joint marketing partners.
● Publicly available databases.
● Exercise equipment manufacturers.
● Credit reporting agencies, when you apply for membership using a credit card.
● Third-party marketing partners, when they share information about your interaction with advertisements that we place on third-party websites or your interaction with our Sites.
● Banking verification services & financial institutions. We may use Stripe, Inc. ("Stripe") or other financial institutions to link and verify the bank account information maintained by your financial institutions. This bank account information may include account and routing numbers and related personal information. By providing us or Stripe with your personal and banking information, you grant us and Stripe the right, power, and authority to act on your behalf to access, transmit, and receive such information from the relevant financial institutions. You agree to your personal and banking information being transferred, stored, and processed by Stripe in accordance with the Stripe Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time.
● From others you specify. If you decide to invite others to the Site or Services, we will collect your and the other person's names, email addresses, and/or phone numbers to send an email or text message and follow up with the other person. You agree that you will obtain the other person's consent before giving us their contact information. You also agree that you will not send us the contact information of a minor. We will inform any other person you invite that you gave us their information in the invitation email.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
By providing your information to us, you are authorizing us to collect, use and disclose such information in the manner outlined in this Policy.
We may use your information for the following purposes:
● To provide you with access to the Site and our Services, such as administering your membership account and sending you administrative information about our terms and policies.
● To periodically send you newsletters, e-mails, or similar communications featuring sales and promotions, news about new Planet Fitness (or our partners') products and services, requests for your feedback, or other information we think may be of interest to you, in accordance with local law.
● To respond to any customer service inquiries or requests.
● To promote and administer corporate partnerships in connection with the Services.
● To provide you with tailored products or service offerings.
● For internal organizational, analytical, or development purposes, such as conducting data analysis to improve the efficiency of our Site or Services, enhancing or improving our current products, services, or offerings, developing new products, services, or offerings, identifying member trends, evaluating the effectiveness of our promotions and campaigns.
● To combat fraud, and for security and safety purposes, such as detecting abusive or malicious behavior.
● To comply with legal process, such as warrants, subpoenas, court orders, and lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests, and applicable legal requirements.
● For any other business purpose for which you provide consent.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Planet Fitness will only disclose, trade, rent, sell or otherwise transfer information for purposes set out in this Policy (including your State and EU Privacy Rights), or as required or permitted by law.
Below are categories of recipients with whom we may share your information:
● Service Providers. Planet Fitness may disclose your information to service providers or agents who provide services to or on behalf of Planet Fitness or its members such as, but not limited to, point of sale providers, hosting, data management, analytics and storage services, sweepstakes providers, banking verification providers, membership benefits providers and retention services. 
● Corporate Affiliates. We may share information with parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliated entities of Planet Fitness.
● Planet Fitness Franchisees. We may provide your information to a Planet Fitness franchisee in order for them to provide you Services if you are a Planet Fitness member, visitor, or guest at a Planet Fitness franchisee club location.
● Law Enforcement Authorities. We may disclose your information to law enforcement authorities when we are required or authorized by law to do so (for example, in response to a subpoena issued by a court).
● Corporate Partners. We may provide special offers for the Services in connection with certain partnerships with third parties. We may share your information with third parties in connection with promoting and administering these offers.
● Third-Party Marketing Partners. We may also share your information with third parties to use for their marketing purposes, in accordance with applicable law, if we think the products or services they offer would be of interest to you. If you are a member of a Planet Fitness location in Canada or a Canadian resident, we will share such information only if you have agreed to receive commercial electronic messages from us and our partners. If you unsubscribe from our commercial communications, we will no longer share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. We partner with companies that assist us in advertising our Services, including partners that use cookies and online tracking technologies to collect information to personalize, retarget, and measure the effectiveness of advertising.
● Social Media Platforms. If you interact with us on social media platforms, the platform may be able to collect information about you and your interaction with us. If you interact with social media objects on our Sites (for example, by clicking on a Facebook "like" button), both the platform and your connections on the platform may be able to view that activity. To control this sharing of information, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social media platform.
● Other businesses in the context of a commercial transaction: We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Services. We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information as described in this policy.
● SMS. SMS consent and phone numbers for the purpose of SMS are not shared with third parties.
YOUR OPTIONS AND RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Your Account: Please visit your account page to update your account information.
Marketing Communications: If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us or wish to opt out of future email promotions from us, please contact us. Please note that all promotional email messages you receive from us will include an option to opt out of future email communications.
If you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, you will not automatically become unsubscribed from the marketing communications of the franchise owner of the Planet Fitness club you joined or to which your e-mail address has been provided as set forth in this Policy. Planet Fitness franchises are independently owned and operated businesses and we do not control their use of your e-mail address. Accordingly, if you are a member at a Planet Fitness franchise club, please contact your home club directly to learn how to unsubscribe from such communications. In addition, you may continue to receive generic mailings addressed to "Resident" or the like. In order to discontinue generic mailings, you may contact your local post office.
Ad Choices: You have options to limit the information that we and our partners collect for online advertising purposes.
● You may disable cookies in your browser or mobile device using their settings menus. Your mobile device may give you the option to disable advertising functionality. Because we use cookies to support Service functionality, disabling cookies may also disable some elements of our online properties.
● The following industry organizations offer opt-out choices for companies that participate in them: the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Initiative.
● You may contact us directly.
If you exercise these options, please be aware that you may still see advertising, but it will not be personalized. Nor will exercising these options prevent other companies from displaying personalized ads to you.
If you delete your cookies, you may also delete your opt-out preferences.
Jurisdiction-specific rights: You may have certain rights with respect to your information depending on your location or residency. Please see "Privacy Disclosures for Specific Jurisdictions" above. Please contact us to exercise your rights.
DATA RETENTION
We will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you with our services that you request, for marketing purposes unless you opt out as described in our Policy, or otherwise where permitted or required in accordance with applicable law. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. What this means in practice will vary between different types of information, and when we consider our approach we take into account ongoing business or legal needs for the information, for example in relation to tax, health and safety, and potential or actual disputes or investigations.
SECURITY
Security for all information is extremely important to us. We process your information using a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, Planet Fitness cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES BY MINORS
This is a commercial website intended for use by individuals that are at least 18 years old. If you are less than 18 years old, you may not use the Site or the Services without prior permission and supervision of your legal guardians. Planet Fitness does not accept members under the age of 13 and does not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 13.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER AND APPLICABLE LAW
For visitors using the Site or the Services from outside the United States, any data you provide will be transferred to the United States for use by Planet Fitness and/or its affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Policy. Please be aware that the law of other countries may enable their governmental authorities to demand access to your information.
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR JOB APPLICANTS
When you apply for a job with us, we may collect information from you, including:
● Information you provide in connection with your application.
● Information that you make available in your social media accounts.
● Information about you that is available publicly.
● Information that you authorize us to collect via third parties, including former employers or references.
In certain circumstances, you may submit your application for employment through a third-party service that displays our job posting. We do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services. Please review their privacy policies carefully prior to submitting your application materials.
PRIVACY OFFICER CONTACT INFORMATION AND PROCEDURE FOR HANDLING REQUESTS
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact our Privacy Officer at:
Planet Fitness Headquarters
Attn: Privacy Officer 4 Liberty Lane West
Hampton, NH 03842
Email: privacy@planetfitness.com
Back to Top
Download the PF App

Info
NewsroomCareersFAQsDirectoryBlog
Partners
FranchisingInvestor RelationsPF PurposePF Media Network
Legal
Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of UseDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationYour State and EU
Privacy RightsAccessibility

Region:US (English)

Follow us:
(c) 2025 Planet Fitness Franchising, LLC.

