
Download App
Manage Subscription

App Features
How we help you unlock full body literacy.

Stardust Buzz
What other humans are saying about Stardust.

Moon Magic
Sync your cycle and discover your lunar lore.

The Wormhole
Your guide to the menstrual-moon galaxy.

About Us
We're a little out there and a lot curious.

Your Data
Your data is private, period.
ShopFAQInstagramTiktokTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyHealth & Data Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings

(c) Stardust 2025
Stardust Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 14, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how Stardust ("Stardust," "we", or "us") collects, uses, discloses and otherwise processes information about you. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you access or use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (the "Services"), or when you otherwise interact with us, such as through our customer support channels.

You can also find our Health Data Privacy Policy here.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of the "Last Updated" date above. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the "Last Updated" date. If we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the Services or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information directly from you when you register an account on our app, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
The categories of information we collect include:
● Identifiers: we collect your name and birthdate. We also collect your email address, phone number, and log-in credentials but we store those separately with a third-party privacy-focused authentication platform.
● Health Data: we collect reproductive or sexual health information, including menstrual activity, fertility, pregnancy information, and sexual activity; and information about your health conditions, symptoms, and use of medications.
Please note that we do NOT associate your Health Data with your contact information (e.g., email address used for account login, password, email, and phone number). Instead, we generate an identifier that we associate with your Health Data.
● Financial Information: we engage third party payment processors to collect your payment information for our paid features or merchandise.
Communication Information: we collect information included in your communications with us.
We may also collect any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may collect information from the following third-party sources:
● Third-Party Apps: If you connect third-party apps to the Services, we may collect certain information from such third-party apps under your direction. For example, if you connect Apple HealthKit or Google Health with the Services, we may import certain information under your direction such as step count. If you connect the Services with your Oura ring we will collect sleep information and basal body temperature.
● Third-Party Logins: Additionally, if you create or log into your Stardust account through a third-party platform (such as Apple or Google), we will have access to certain information made available by that platform, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform.
● Social Media Platforms: We may also collect information you share when you interact with us on social media platforms like Instagram and TikTok.
Derived Information
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your approximate location based on your IP address and may infer your interests based on your browsing behavior and past activities.
Cookies
Like most companies, we use cookies and similar technologies in our Services. The technologies we use include the following:
● Cookies which are small data files stored on your browser or device.
● Pixels, which are small images on a web page or in an email. Pixels collect information about your browser or device and can set cookies and be used to track your use of or interaction with one or more websites.
● SDKs, or software development kits, which are software packages containing tools that help build mobile apps and introduce new features or functionality.
We refer to these technologies collectively as "cookies". You can find information about cookies and how they work at www.allaboutcookies.org.
First-Party and Third-Party Cookies
Some cookies are referred to as "first-party" which means they are placed by the website you are visiting or the app you are using - so in our case first party cookies and pixels are placed by our Services. "Third-party" cookies are placed by other organizations (with our permission) via our Services. They work by collecting information from your device and passing it directly back to the third-party. For example, we partner with third-party analytics providers that set cookies when you visit our Services.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@stardust.app.
Stardust Health Data Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 10, 2024
This notice supplements Stardust's Privacy Policy and provides additional information about how we collect, use, and disclose health data as required by laws like Washington's My Health My Data Act and Nevada's Consumer Health Data Privacy Law.
Health Data Storage
Please note that we store your contact information with third parties and we store your health data against a random account ID. This means that we do not link your health data to you.
Collection of Health Data
We collect health data that you provide through our Service and through our integrations with third-party mobile health apps.
The health data we collect includes:
● Reproductive or sexual health information including, menstrual activity, fertility and pregnancy information, and sexual activity;
● Information about your health conditions, symptoms, and use of medications; and
● Information we collect through third party integrations such as step count, sleep data, and basal body temperature.
Sources of Health Data
We collect health data directly from you, from your interactions with the Services, and from third-party mobile health applications and services.
Use of Health Data
We collect and use health data for the following purposes:
● Service delivery, including to track menstrual cycles, ovulation dates and fertility, create your profile, and ensure the secure and reliable operation of the Services.
● Protection and compliance purposes, including to comply with our legal obligations and to detect and prevent fraud and illegal activity.
We may use health data for other purposes with your consent as required by law.
Sharing of Health Data
We may share each of the categories of health data described above with the following categories of third parties:
● Processors. Vendors or agents working on our behalf may access health data to provide services to us. For example, companies that host our servers or provide customer support may need access to health data to provide those functions.
● Third-party mobile health applications and services. At your direction, we may share health data with other companies such as Apple HealthKit.
● Parties to a corporate transaction. We may disclose health data in connection with or following a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or a transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
● Others. You may choose to share your health data with other users of the Service or with your friends and/or partners. We are not responsible for their collection, use or sharing of your health data.
Your Rights
You can access or delete your health data or withdraw consent to our processing of your health data, subject to certain exceptions. To delete your health data, you can hit the 'delete' button within your profile. You can also request to exercise any of these rights by emailing support@stardust.app.

If we deny your request to exercise one of those rights, you may appeal that decision by emailing support@stardust.app. If your appeal is unsuccessful, you may be able to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with the Attorney General in your state. (Washington residents click here and Nevada residents click here).
Cosmic signals in your inbox
Entering your email, you agree to updates. DW, your personal information is always private. Not aligning with us? Unsubscribe any time.
Download to unlock the Stardust universe

App FeaturesMoon MagicStardust Buzz
The WormholeAbout UsYour Data

ShopFAQ
Cookie Settings
Apple App StoreGoogle PlayManage Subscription
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Health and Data Privacy Policy
Website by Human
Copyright 2025 Stardust

