PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy was updated on August 20, 2025 and is effective for new and existing users of the app “Water tracker Waterllama” (Application). General statement Your privacy is critically important to us. Your data is your own. We make no claims to it and will only use it according to the policies outlined below. This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version exists and that version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time as our Application changes. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, the updated Privacy Policy will be posted in the Application in a timely manner. This policy will always be posted within the Mobile App. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Application and the choices you have associated with that data. The Application allows you to measure your daily activity. It is not transmitted outside of the App. No Personally-Identifying Information is transmitted to external locations when using the Application. The Application transmits non-personally identifiable information such as device type and operating system version. This is used in aggregate to help facilitate development decisions. We use your data to provide and improve the Application. By using the Application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of use. If you choose to have the Application integrate with HealthKit then the application will have access only to the health data types you opt-in to access. The health data read from HealthKit is used for display within the app. It is not collected or disclosed outside of your local installation of the app. Only those data types relevant to the app are accessed. The Application requests permission to write certain data types into your HealthKit data store. These are used when you are tracking statistical information about fluids you drink. In no case is your health data ever transferred to a 3rd party. It is only ever kept within the application container or transferred to your personal HealthKit data store as per your permission choices. User data collected from Apple Health will never be used for marketing, advertising purposes or other use-based data mining purposes other than improving health management, or for the purpose of health research, and then only with permission. DEFINITIONS Personal Data Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). Usage Data Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Application or from the Application infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of an App visit). Data Subject Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data. User The User is the individual using our Application. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data. 1. INTRODUCTION AND REMARKS 1.1. About Us Provider of this Application and responsible person is LLAMA LUNA APPS INC., 8571 WILTSHIRE ST, VANCOUVER, BC, V6P 5H6, CANADA (referred to as the “Provider” as well as “we”, “us” etc.). “Water tracker Waterllama” (Application) strongly believes that you have the right to control the use of your personal information, and that your privacy must be respected. We strictly limit the collection and processing of your personal data, and to the best of our abilities we will work only with other organisations who do the same. We will not use personal data that you provide to us in a manner inconsistent with the purposes for which you provided it to us, as set out below. We do not sell, rent or lease personal data. We will vigorously challenge any attempts by government agencies or private sector organisations to gain access to any information that you give us. 1.2. Our Core Principles With this Privacy Policy we would like to inform you how we process data while providing you with the Water tracker Waterllama - application software designed for smartphones and /or tablet computers (the “Application”), - which allows Users to track water intake. The protection of your privacy is of the utmost importance to us, which is why it goes without saying that we comply with the statutory provisions on data protection. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY, AS YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE APPLICATION SIGNIFIES THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE TERMS WITHIN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR CONTINUE TO USE THE APPLICATION, OR OTHERWISE SUBMIT YOUR DATA. THIS POLICY MAY BE AMENDED OR UPDATED FROM TIME TO TIME, SO PLEASE CHECK IT REGULARLY FOR UPDATES. You can find the definitions of terms that are not specified in this Privacy Policy, in our Terms of Use. 1.3. What information does the Application obtain The Application does not provide an option to create an account therefore, we do not store nor have access to your entries and data. Your data are stored locally only on your device and personal iCloud. We use your data to provide and improve the Application. We obtain your email address when you request support via email. We use your email only to contact you to provide support, feedback or important information. 1.4. What Data is Being Logged by Default By continuing to use this Application, you’ve agreed to data collection, the Application collects some data that are essential for us to deliver our services, to understand your needs and to improve our services. The Application automatically collect certain information that does not personally identify our end users who access or use Application. This information includes: a) Usage data (product interaction: such as Application launches, taps, clicks, scrolling information, or other information about how user interact with the Application; advertising data: such as information about the advertisements user have viewed; other usage data: any other data about user activity in the Application). b) Diagnostics (crash data: such as crash logs; performance data: such as launch time, hang rate, or energy use; other diagnostic data: any other data collected for the purposes of measuring technical diagnostics related to the Application). The Application does NOT collect any personal data that directly identifies you such as your name, surname, or anything you type within the Application. The Application also does NOT collect any data about your health and fitness and it will NOT be used to track users. Generally, we do not collect or keep a record of sensitive personal data and only do so in very limited circumstances, primarily when an individual has chosen to provide us with this data. On occasion we may also process sensitive personal data of others engaging with Application, for example where an individual provides us with information relating to accessibility needs for the purpose of obtaining and/or exchanging data or where an individual contacts Application and their communication includes sensitive personal data. We do not use this data for any other purpose other than that for which it is provided. Notice: health, fitness, and medical data are especially sensitive and apps in this space have some additional rules to make sure customer privacy is protected. Apps may not use or disclose to third parties data gathered in the health, fitness, and medical research context for advertising, marketing, or other use-based data mining purposes other than improving health management, or for the purpose of health research, and then only with permission. Health data doesn't only mean "obvious" information about people's medical conditions. Health data can include information that, when combined with other information, tells you something about a person's health. This sort of indirectly identifying personal data could include information collected from sensors on smart devices, e.g. sleep trackers, step counters, heart rate monitors. Privacy is an internationally recognised human right. However, we appreciate that in certain circumstances, the data you submit on this app may reveal data that could be considered sensitive personal data (reflective of your political or philosophical views) e.g. indicating that you are interested in privacy in a specific country, have sent a letter to a specific company to complain about its privacy practices and so on. When using our Application, you are not required, as a statutory requirement or as a necessity to enter into a contract, to provide us with personal data for processing as described in the Policy. Our Application, however, may require minimal information, such as an email address, for you to take an action. You can create an account without providing any personal data other than your email address, but you can choose to provide us with additional information. In a mobile Application environment when data is collected about or from a mobile device, the personal nature of mobile device usage implies that such data has to be considered as personal data as in the meaning of the protection of personal data. Thus, not only data on the device that is personal and private by nature, such as pictures, messages, emails, agenda items, etc. qualifies as personal data, but also data that is related to the device, such as device identifiers, environmental aspects, such as the device’s location, and data related to its use, including logs containing usage data related to specific apps. When accessing sensitive (special categories of) data, stricter requirements. Relevant special categories of data include data related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic biometric and health data or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation. When the use of an app results in the processing of such sensitive data, for instance in health apps, typically, we have to ensure that there is explicit consent of the user for the processing of these data for particular specified purposes. Relevant special categories of data include data related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic biometric and health data or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation. When the use of an app results in the processing of such sensitive data, for instance in health or dating apps, typically, the controller has to ensure that there is explicit consent of the user for the processing of these data for particular specified purposes. It is possible that certain information processed in the mobile context, such as images, messages, user inputs, contain data that have to be qualified as sensitive data. Images are not generally considered sensitive data but images of persons can reveal their racial or ethnic origin, people’s private messages can reveal people’s beliefs and attitudes and health status. The same can be true for metadata, which collected over time can provide a uniquely invasive profile of users. While location data are not included in the list of special data categories, the processing of location data is generally considered to require special attention to the question of necessity and proportionality and major mobile OSs have implemented special mechanisms for location data transparency and user consent. By default, we do not track your location. Also, the App does not collect, transmit, and/or use user location data. While indicating this provision as a factual basis for the operation of the Application, we will separately note that we may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). If the Application will collect, transmit or use location data, it will notify and obtain consent from the user before collecting, transmitting and/or using such data. At the same time, we notify you that location services may be used by the App only when they are directly related to the functions and services provided by the App. We use this data to provide features of our Application, to improve and customize our Application. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Application at any time, through your device settings. Health, fitness, and medical data are especially sensitive and apps in this space have some additional rules to make sure customer privacy is protected: (i) Application may not use or disclose to third parties data gathered in the health, fitness, and medical research context - including from the HealthKit API, Apple Health or health-related human subject research - for advertising, marketing, or other use-based data mining purposes other than improving health management, or for the purpose of health research, and then only with permission. Application may, however, use a user’s health or fitness data to provide a benefit directly to that user. We may collect this data in order to provide to you the access to the App including reporting and analytics, fitness and nutrition recommendations, participation in online challenges, and product and feature recommendations. In particular, we may also collect information to understand user preferences and improve their experience and enjoyment of our app. We may make announcements about personalized promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about our app to provide the best possible benefit to each direct user. The information we receive may also be used to send users relevant necessary and/or requested information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, push notifications, security alerts, support messages, and administrative messages. The information received from users is also used to resolve disputes as quickly as possible, as well as to personalize and provide each and every one of our users with the best online experience and customer support. That said, separately note that any such user benefits will not include the use or disclosure of HealthKit data for advertising, marketing or other use-based data mining purposes (ii) Application must not write false or inaccurate data into HealthKit or any other medical research or health management apps, and not store personal health information in iCloud. (iii) We and our Application may not use the HealthKit APIs or any information obtained through the HealthKit APIs for any purpose other than providing health, motion, and/or fitness services in connection with our Application (e.g., not for serving advertising). (iiii) We and our Application must not use the HealthKit APIs or any information obtained through the HealthKit APIs to disclose or provide an end-user’s health, motion, and/or fitness information to a third party without prior express end-user consent, and then only for purposes of enabling the third party to provide health, motion, and/or fitness services as permitted herein. For example, we do not share or sell an end-user’s health information collected through the HealthKit APIs to advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers. For clarity, You may allow end-users to consent to share their data with third parties for medical research purposes. 1.5. Data Use We process your data for the following purposes: a) HealthKit data used only to provide health, motion or fitness services in connection with the App. HealthKit data will not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including by third parties. b) Analytics (using data to evaluate user behavior, including to understand the effectiveness of existing product features, plan new features, or measure audience size or characteristics). c) Product personalization (customizing what user see, such as a list of recommended products, posts, or suggestions). d) To administer our Application functionality (such as to authenticate user in the Application, enable features, prevent fraud, implement security measures, ensure server uptime, minimize Application crashes, improve scalability and performance, or perform customer support). e) For corresponding with user (to respond to any communications, queries or requests for information or services from you, howsoever received). f) To comply with our legal or regulatory obligations. g) To establish, exercise or defend legal claims. The Application may contain links to other websites or applications for whose content, function and compliance we are not responsible. Please inform yourself about the data protection regulations of the respective web pages with the respective operators. The Application will only process personal data when we have a legal basis for doing so. The legal basis that we will rely on will depend on the circumstances in which we collect and use your personal data. In almost all cases, the relevant legal basis to process personal data is that the processing will be one of the following: (i) Based on your consent to use your data in a certain way (for example, to communicate with you through our mailing list). Your consent may subsequently be withdrawn at any time by editing your preferences or contacting us as specified in this Policy without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. (ii) Necessary in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract or for the performance of a contract (for example, for human resources management and to manage those carrying out work on behalf of PI); (iii) Necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable regulatory obligations and employment law); (iiii) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to administer our apps, to carry out research and investigations consistent with our mission). We will only rely on this legal basis where we’ve identified the purpose (the legitimate interest), assessed that the processing is necessary for that purpose and conducted a balancing test to ensure that this interest is not overridden by the interests, rights and freedoms of the individual. (iiii) Children's Privacy: Our Application does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. 1.6. Security We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of data and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to data. Please be advised, however, that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of data. You acknowledge that clearing Application data or uninstalling this application from your device or losing your device or device problem could result in loss of all data. You are responsible for backing up your data. 1.7. Purchases Your purchases in the App Store and in-app-purchases are handled by Apple. We do not get access to your funds and banking data. 2. USER RIGHTS 2.1. Storage Period of the Collected Data We store your data, a) if you have consented to the processing (namely, your choice to access or use the Application constitutes your agreement to Terms of use and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy) at most until you revoke your consent (User deletes the Application from his/her smartphone or tablet computer. User independently deletes the data about the Application in personal iCloud); b) if we need the data for the execution of a contract, at the most as long as the contractual relationship with you exists or legal retention periods run; c) if we use the data on the basis of a justified interest, at the most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail; d) if legal (e.g. commercial code, tax code) exist, until the end of these storage obligations. 2.2. Data Sources All the data we receive are received from you and/or your device only. 2.3. Legitimate Interests When processing your data, we pursue the following legitimate interests: a) The improvement of our offer, b) The production of statistics, c) Informing about the Application's news and updates. d) The storage of our correspondence with you. e) To comply with a legal obligation f) To protect and defend the rights or property of Provider g) To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Application h) To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public i) To protect against legal liability 2.4. Making contact We may provide emails or forms to which user of the Application can send us questions or comments, or which users can use to request customer support. In the process of receiving and responding to such requests, we may collect personal information about you, such as your email address or any other personal data contained in the body of your email message. By allowing you to send us these requests, we are not attempting to solicit personal information from you. We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support. Copies of your requests may be kept on file for our records, for quality control purposes, or to provide ongoing support services you have requested. 3. OPEN SOURCE USAGE POLICY 3.1. Use of Open Source Code During the development of Application, we utilize open-source software, components, and libraries governed by various open-source licenses. These components are integral to ensuring the quality, performance, and security of Application. By using Application, you acknowledge and agree to the inclusion of such components under the terms of their respective licenses. 3.2. List of Open Source Libraries We are committed to transparency in our use of open-source solutions. Below is a list of open-source libraries utilized in Application, along with their respective licenses: 1. DataCompression Library Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 ("License"); A copy of the License is available at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 2. DeviceKit Library Copyright (c) 2015 Dennis Weissmann Available at: https://github.com/devicekit/DeviceKit Licensed under the MIT License. 3. Meta Platforms, Inc. Components Use of this software is subject to the Facebook Platform Policy; A copy of the License is available at: http://developers.facebook.com/policy/ 4. Firebase-iOS-SDK Library Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 ("License"); A copy of the License is available at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 5. Firebase Crashlytics Library Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 ("License"); A copy of the License is available at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 6. FSPagerView Library Copyright (c) 2017 FSPagerView Available at: https://github.com/WenchaoD/FSPagerView Licensed under the MIT License. 7. Hero Library Copyright (c) 2015 Luke Zhao me@lkzhao.com Available at: https://github.com/HeroTransitions/Hero Licensed under the MIT License. 8. Lottie-iOS Library Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 ("License"); A copy of the License is available at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 9. PromiseKit Library Copyright 2016-present, Max Howell; mxcl@me.com Available at: https://github.com/mxcl/PromiseKit Licensed under the MIT License. 10. Reachability.swift Library Copyright (c) 2016 Ashley Mills Available at: https://github.com/ashleymills/Reachability.swift Licensed under the MIT License. 11. Realm-swift Library Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 ("License"); A copy of the License is available at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 12. Sentry Library Copyright 2008-2024 Functional Software, Inc. dba Sentry Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 ("License"); A copy of the License is available at: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 13. SnapKit Library Copyright (c) 2011-Present SnapKit Team Available at: https://github.com/SnapKit Licensed under the MIT License. 14. SwiftGen Library Copyright (c) 2022 SwiftGen Available at: https://github.com/SwiftGen/SwiftGen Licensed under the MIT License. 15. SwiftUI-Introspect Library Copyright 2019 Timber Software Available at: https://github.com/siteline/SwiftUI-Introspect Licensed under the MIT License. 16. SwiftyStoreKit Library Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Andrea Bizzotto bizz84@gmail.com Available at: https://github.com/bizz84/SwiftyStoreKit Licensed under the MIT License. 17. UIView-Shake Library Copyright (c) 2014 Andrea Mazzini Available at: https://github.com/andreamazz/UIView-Shake Licensed under the MIT License. 3.3. License Compliance Each open-source library we use is licensed under terms specified by its author or the community that created it. We strictly adhere to these terms, including any requirements to provide access to the source code (where applicable). 3.4. Security and Responsibility 1.Responsibility for Library Functionality The Provider is not responsible for the functionality of open-source libraries used in Application. However, we conduct thorough checks to ensure that each library complies with modern security standards before its integration into our products. 2.User Data Privacy The use of open-source libraries does not compromise the privacy of User data. We ensure that all selected libraries meet applicable privacy and data protection requirements. 3.5. Disclaimer The use of open-source components does not imply that our entire product is open source or that you are granted a license to our entire code under the terms of open-source licenses. Open-source licenses apply solely to the respective libraries and components used within Application. For all open-source libraries and components, the following provision applies: THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 4. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We may change from time to time without prior notice to you. For this reason, we reserve the right to amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update this Privacy Policy, we will also update the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review regularly the latest version of this Privacy Policy. The new Privacy Policy will become effective immediately upon publication. If you do not agree to the revised notice, you should alter your preferences or consider stopping using our Application. By continuing to access or make use of our Application after those changes become effective, you acknowledge that you have been informed and agree to the Privacy Policy as amended. 5. SUPPORT SERVICE If you have any questions for a quick solution, you can use the e-mail: hello@waterllama.com The Support Service will take all possible efforts to quickly respond to the problem, it usually takes up to one business day. If you want to receive any ordinary mail clarifications, then make an appropriate request to: hello@waterllama.com As part of providing the Application we may send you service announcements, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support-related messages through the Application or by email. We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests, questions or feedback.