Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective Date: August 4th, 2019 This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") informs you of Cerebral Gardens Inc. ("Cerebral Gardens") policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from you. For purposes of this Privacy Policy "Software" means all software programs distributed, published or otherwise made available by Cerebral Gardens or its affiliates including, but not limited to mobile applications, desktop applications, and web applications. Software also includes updates and upgrades as well as accompanying manual(s), packaging and other written, files, electronic or online materials or documentation, and any and all copies of such software and its materials. "Services" means all services made available by Cerebral Gardens, including but not limited to services accessed through mobile applications, by means of a browser or by other online communication method(s). Software and Services are collectively referred to as "Cerebral Gardens Services". Cerebral Gardens, including its affiliates, collects, stores, and uses your personal information as a data controller in connection with Cerebral Gardens Services according to this privacy policy. For questions and information about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@cerebralgardens.com. All Cerebral Gardens Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing Cerebral Gardens Services you give consent to the processing, use and disclosure of your data. Please do not install or use Cerebral Gardens Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this privacy policy, the changes are effective immediately after we post the revised Privacy Policy (as indicated by revising the date at the top of our Privacy Policy). We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you access Cerebral Gardens Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of Cerebral Gardens Services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, device information, credit card information and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Cerebral Gardens Services When you access or use Cerebral Gardens Services, we automatically collect information about you, including: Log Information: We log information about your use of Cerebral Gardens Services, including the type of browser, and/or device you use, access times, screens and/or pages viewed, your IP address and other information your device may send to us automatically. Device Information: We collect information about the computer, mobile phone, and/or set top box you use to access Cerebral Gardens Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version. Location Information: We may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information. Information We Collect From Other Sources In order to provide you with access to Cerebral Gardens Services, or to provide you with better service in general, we may combine information obtained from other sources (for example, a third-party service whose application you have authorized or used to sign in) and combine that with information we collect through Cerebral Gardens Services. Use of Information We use information about you for various purposes, including to: Provide, maintain and improve Cerebral Gardens Services; Provide Cerebral Gardens Services you request, process transactions and to send you related information; Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; Communicate with you about news and information related to Cerebral Gardens Services; Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with Cerebral Gardens Services; and Personalize Cerebral Gardens Services. By accessing and using Cerebral Gardens Services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in/to Canada, the United States, and other countries as required. Sharing of Information We may share personal information about you as follows: With third party vendors and other service providers who need access to your information to carry out work on our behalf, such as our payment processors who handle the payment portion of your subscriptions; If we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; To enforce applicable user agreements or policies, including our Terms of Service; and to protect us, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities; In connection with any merger, sale of Cerebral Gardens' assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and If we notify you through Cerebral Gardens Services (or in our Privacy Policy) that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Third Party Analytics We allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Cerebral Gardens Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages/views viewed, time spent on pages/views, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. These third parties may include: Google (via Google Analytics, Firebase, Admob) [Opt-Out] Yahoo (via Flurry Analytics) [Opt-Out] Microsoft (via App Center), and; Apple (via macOS, iOS, tvOS, watchOS). Security We take reasonable measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES Location Information When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. [If you do so, our mobile applications, or certain features thereof, will no longer function]. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device. Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of Cerebral Gardens Services. Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving any promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@cerebralgardens.com. Privacy Policy Effective Date: August 4th, 2019 This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") informs you of Cerebral Gardens Inc. ("Cerebral Gardens") policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from you. For purposes of this Privacy Policy "Software" means all software programs distributed, published or otherwise made available by Cerebral Gardens or its affiliates including, but not limited to mobile applications, desktop applications, and web applications. Software also includes updates and upgrades as well as accompanying manual(s), packaging and other written, files, electronic or online materials or documentation, and any and all copies of such software and its materials. "Services" means all services made available by Cerebral Gardens, including but not limited to services accessed through mobile applications, by means of a browser or by other online communication method(s). Software and Services are collectively referred to as "Cerebral Gardens Services". Cerebral Gardens, including its affiliates, collects, stores, and uses your personal information as a data controller in connection with Cerebral Gardens Services according to this privacy policy. For questions and information about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@cerebralgardens.com. All Cerebral Gardens Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing Cerebral Gardens Services you give consent to the processing, use and disclosure of your data. Please do not install or use Cerebral Gardens Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this privacy policy, the changes are effective immediately after we post the revised Privacy Policy (as indicated by revising the date at the top of our Privacy Policy). We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you access Cerebral Gardens Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of Cerebral Gardens Services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, device information, credit card information and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Cerebral Gardens Services When you access or use Cerebral Gardens Services, we automatically collect information about you, including: Log Information: We log information about your use of Cerebral Gardens Services, including the type of browser, and/or device you use, access times, screens and/or pages viewed, your IP address and other information your device may send to us automatically. Device Information: We collect information about the computer, mobile phone, and/or set top box you use to access Cerebral Gardens Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version. Location Information: We may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information. Information We Collect From Other Sources In order to provide you with access to Cerebral Gardens Services, or to provide you with better service in general, we may combine information obtained from other sources (for example, a third-party service whose application you have authorized or used to sign in) and combine that with information we collect through Cerebral Gardens Services. Use of Information We use information about you for various purposes, including to: Provide, maintain and improve Cerebral Gardens Services; Provide Cerebral Gardens Services you request, process transactions and to send you related information; Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; Communicate with you about news and information related to Cerebral Gardens Services; Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with Cerebral Gardens Services; and Personalize Cerebral Gardens Services. By accessing and using Cerebral Gardens Services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in/to Canada, the United States, and other countries as required. Sharing of Information We may share personal information about you as follows: With third party vendors and other service providers who need access to your information to carry out work on our behalf, such as our payment processors who handle the payment portion of your subscriptions; If we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; To enforce applicable user agreements or policies, including our Terms of Service; and to protect us, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities; In connection with any merger, sale of Cerebral Gardens' assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and If we notify you through Cerebral Gardens Services (or in our Privacy Policy) that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Third Party Analytics We allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Cerebral Gardens Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages/views viewed, time spent on pages/views, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. These third parties may include: Google (via Google Analytics, Firebase, Admob) [Opt-Out] Yahoo (via Flurry Analytics) [Opt-Out] Microsoft (via App Center), and; Apple (via macOS, iOS, tvOS, watchOS). Security We take reasonable measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES Location Information When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. [If you do so, our mobile applications, or certain features thereof, will no longer function]. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device. Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of Cerebral Gardens Services. Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving any promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@cerebralgardens.com. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") informs you of Cerebral Gardens Inc. ("Cerebral Gardens") policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from you. For purposes of this Privacy Policy "Software" means all software programs distributed, published or otherwise made available by Cerebral Gardens or its affiliates including, but not limited to mobile applications, desktop applications, and web applications. Software also includes updates and upgrades as well as accompanying manual(s), packaging and other written, files, electronic or online materials or documentation, and any and all copies of such software and its materials. "Services" means all services made available by Cerebral Gardens, including but not limited to services accessed through mobile applications, by means of a browser or by other online communication method(s). Software and Services are collectively referred to as "Cerebral Gardens Services". Cerebral Gardens, including its affiliates, collects, stores, and uses your personal information as a data controller in connection with Cerebral Gardens Services according to this privacy policy. For questions and information about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@cerebralgardens.com. All Cerebral Gardens Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing Cerebral Gardens Services you give consent to the processing, use and disclosure of your data. Please do not install or use Cerebral Gardens Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this privacy policy, the changes are effective immediately after we post the revised Privacy Policy (as indicated by revising the date at the top of our Privacy Policy). We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you access Cerebral Gardens Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of Cerebral Gardens Services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, device information, credit card information and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. When you access or use Cerebral Gardens Services, we automatically collect information about you, including: Log Information: We log information about your use of Cerebral Gardens Services, including the type of browser, and/or device you use, access times, screens and/or pages viewed, your IP address and other information your device may send to us automatically. Device Information: We collect information about the computer, mobile phone, and/or set top box you use to access Cerebral Gardens Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version. Location Information: We may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information. In order to provide you with access to Cerebral Gardens Services, or to provide you with better service in general, we may combine information obtained from other sources (for example, a third-party service whose application you have authorized or used to sign in) and combine that with information we collect through Cerebral Gardens Services. We use information about you for various purposes, including to: By accessing and using Cerebral Gardens Services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in/to Canada, the United States, and other countries as required. We may share personal information about you as follows: We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. We allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Cerebral Gardens Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages/views viewed, time spent on pages/views, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. These third parties may include: We take reasonable measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. [If you do so, our mobile applications, or certain features thereof, will no longer function]. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of Cerebral Gardens Services. You may opt out of receiving any promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@cerebralgardens.com. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy © 2009-2023 Cerebral Gardens Inc.
