Privacy Policy Effective and last updated on June 16, 2025. Curable Inc. knows that you care about how your personal information is collected, used, processed, and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the information we collect and that you may provide when you interact with us through our websites, software applications, social media pages, and other online services or advertisements (collectively, the “Services”), how we use and protect that information, and how we disclose that information. This policy describes our practices today, as well as our practices over the last 12 months. This policy provides important information about how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK-GDPR) and other laws. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not accept our policies and practices, do not use the Services. This policy is incorporated into and made a part of our terms of use (https://www.curablehealth.com/terms) (“Terms of Use”). If you have not done so already, please also review our Terms of Use (https://www.curablehealth.com/terms). The Terms of Use contain provisions that limit our liability to you and require you to resolve any dispute with us on an individual basis and not as part of any class or representative action. By using the Services, you consent to our use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in this policy. You may withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time by contacting us at support@curablehealth.com. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE SERVICES. We may update this privacy policy from time to time and post the new privacy policy on this page. However, if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify registered users by e-mail, post a notice on our home page, and/or alert you to such changes by other similar means. You may opt out of any remaining subscription if you decline to accept the revised privacy policy. Your continued use of our Services after we revise this policy means you accept those changes, so please check this policy periodically for updates. 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT We collect the following information from and about users of our Services: A. Information You Provide to Us When you interact with the Services, we may ask you to provide (or if not required, you may choose to provide) the following personal information: • First name; • Email address; • Phone number; and • Any other information you choose to provide us, which may include your medical conditions and your feelings regarding them. If you do not want information about your medical conditions or other information provided to us to be used or disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy, do not provide such information to us or do not use the Services. We collect this information when you register for the Services, subscribe to or purchase the Services, or when you use the Services, such as by filling in forms, answering questions, using live and automated chats, and by participating in online or virtual question and answer sessions. We also may collect this information when you communicate with us by email, fillable form, or chat. If you purchase anything from us, we do not collect your payment data. Instead, we use a third-party payment provider to whom you provide that information, and your interaction with that third-party payment provider is governed by its privacy policy, not ours. We also do not control the privacy practices of any third-party sites that you visit by clicking a link that is a part of our Services. You visit those sites at your own risk, and you understand and agree that you – and not Curable – are responsible for evaluating the privacy policies of those sites. B. Information Shared Through Curable Online Communities Our Services include online and virtual group discussions, lectures, question and answer sessions, and coaching sessions facilitated by both licensed professionals and professionals who are not licensed (collectively, “Virtual Programs”). Users participate in Virtual Programs through communication methods that may permit your voice or likeness to be shared with Curable facilitators and other Services users, including video and audio conference calls and virtual meetings. Virtual Programs are intended to provide users with an opportunity to discuss topics related to chronic pain management such as support and suggested resources for further exploration. In addition, Curable may also feature online message boards, social media groups and communities, chats, or other forums as part of the Services (collectively, “Public Forums”). You choose and control whether to participate in Virtual Programs and Public Forums and what, if any, information (including personal information) you share. While Curable will use any information you share in connection with Virtual Programs and Public Forums consistent with this Privacy Policy, we cannot control the actions of others with whom you choose to share your personal or other information during Virtual Programs and on Public Forums. Any information you share during Virtual Programs and on Public Forums, including personal information, is public and shared with others at your own risk. Certain Virtual Program sessions may be recorded by Curable and made available as part of the Services. Curable will give advance notice of which sessions will be recorded, and you may choose to participate or not. C. Automatically Collected Information When you use the Services, we collect information automatically using technologies such as cookies (more on those below), web beacons, SDKs, and tags, as follows: • Information regarding your access and use of the Services, including the pages or features you interact with, logs regarding your prior use of the Services or purchases you have previously made, and the time and duration of your activities on the Services. • Information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device’s unique identifier, IP address, operating system, and browser type. • Caching files previously placed on your device to help load the Services faster. We do not collect information about your activities over time and across third-party websites, apps, or other online services. We do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals sent from web browsers that connect with the Services. D. Cookies “Cookies” are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the device you use to view a website. Each device that accesses our website is assigned a different cookie by Curable. We use session cookies, which are specific to a particular interaction with the Services and carry information as you view different pages. Session cookies expire and delete themselves automatically when you leave our Services or when you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which enable us to recognize you when you use our Services and remember your preferences, such as keeping you signed into your account with us. Persistent cookies are stored on your browser or mobile device until you choose to delete them, and otherwise typically delete themselves at expiration. It may be possible to refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser or device. However, if you select this setting, certain functionality or features of the Services may be diminished or inoperable. 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use information that you provide to us, that you share through Curable online communities, and information collected from you to: • Provide you the Services; • Communicate with you regarding the Services; • Improve, research, develop, or create new products and/or services; • Administer your account and subscriptions, including to give you notices about your account and subscriptions, including expiration and renewal notices; • Customize content for you that we think you might like based on your usage patterns, and deliver a more personalized experience when you use the Services; • Perform billing and collection relating to the Services; • Identify problems with the Services; • Help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Services and technology and other assets of our business; • Investigate suspicious or unlawful activity or violations of our Terms of Use or community guidelines; • Obtain statistical behavior regarding usage patterns, trends, user behavior, preferences, and activity with respect to the Services and for other testing and analysis related to the Services; • Fulfill and enforce our Terms of Use; • Personalize your online experience and the advertisements you see on other platforms based on your preferences, interests, and browsing behavior; • Contact you about third-party goods and services that may be of interest to you, though you may opt out of receiving such communications at any time; • Comply with judicial and administrative orders and other applicable law; and • Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information or for which you provide your consent. 3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES YOUR IDENTIFICATION AS A PERSON WHO HAS A CURABLE ACCOUNT BY INTERACTING WITH OUR SERVICES MAY IMPLY THAT YOU HAVE ONE OR MORE SYMPTOMS CURABLE IS INTENDED TO ADDRESS. SHOULD YOU WISH TO AVOID THAT IMPLICATION, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. We disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction. We may disclose your personal information as follows: • For scientific or other research that is consistent with Curable’s mission to provide better and cheaper pain management that does not require the use of pharmaceuticals by proving the efficacy of Curable as an alternative to medicine. If Curable engages in such research, it will use a third party service which is required to keep your personal information confidential before it is used for any research or disclosed to any other party. • To agents, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to provide our Services or support our business consistent with the “How We Use Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy, such as cloud-based storage providers, web hosting providers, customer and technical support vendors, payment processors, app use analytics providers, email and communications support providers, and the like. These service providers are necessary to Curable’s business, and Curable would be unable to provide the Services without them. • To web advertising companies that serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and other online services. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services. Curable and others may use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your online activity. Some of our advertising partners enable us to convert your email address into an identifier to show ads that are more relevant to you on other platforms. You may ask us not to share your email address with web advertising companies at any time by sending an email to us at support@curablehealth.com. • To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Curable’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Curable about users of our Services is among the assets transferred. • To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the gift subscription feature of our Site, we will use that email address to transmit the gift subscription and your name and email address to the gift recipient. • To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request. • To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including our Terms of Use and for billing and collection. • If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of you, Curable, our affiliates, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, detection, or suppression and credit risk reduction. It also includes contacting emergency medical services on your behalf or for others if we deem necessary. • For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. 4. DATA SECURITY We employ industry standard administrative, physical, and technical measures designed to safeguard and protect your personal information under our control from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone and we suggest that you limit access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Curable account. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure, and we cannot and do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of your personal information transmitted through any of our Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide. We will make all legally required disclosures of any data breach related to your personal information. If you have any questions about data security, you can contact us at support@curablehealth.com. 5. YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CCPA, GDPR, UK-GDPR AND OTHER LAWS, INCLUDING TO ACCESS, MODIFY, AND ERASE PERSONAL INFORMATION We are committed to providing you with your rights under the CCPA, GDPR, the UK-GDPR and other laws. You can exercise those rights as follows: • Know and Rectify: You can review, correct, and update personal information you have submitted when you registered with our Services by visiting the settings option within the Curable app or website. You may also contact us to correct or update inaccurate information in your user account or profile by sending an email to us at support@curablehealth.com. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or our Terms of Use. • Review and Portability: You may obtain a copy of your personal information by emailing us at support@curablehealth.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you access to your personal information within thirty (30) days of such request, but may not provide access under certain circumstances, such as instances where the information cannot legally be disclosed, where such access would compromise others’ privacy or other legal rights, where it would be burdensome or expensive to provide such access, or where the information is subject to confidentiality or proprietary restrictions. • Deletion: You may request deletion of your personal information in our possession by emailing us at support@curablehealth.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal information within thirty (15) days of such request. After the deletion process, fragments of data that were once associated with you may remain on our Services, but they will no longer be associated with you. • Opt-Out: You may opt out of all promotional emails from us by clicking the unsubscribe link in those emails or by emailing us at support@curablehealth.com. If you previously consented, but wish to withdraw your consent to our collection, use, sharing, and processing of your personal information as described in this policy, you must delete your account (although a withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal information prior to withdrawal). You may request deletion of your account by sending an email to support@curablehealth.com. • EU/UK Consumers: How to contact the appropriate supervisory authority: If you are an EU or UK consumer and wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Curable has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may find your EU national data protection authorities listed here or contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office here. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. Our justification for processing your personal data is to fulfill the purposes of our Terms of Use, which is a contract between you and us. 6. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Unless you request that we delete it, we will retain your personal information for as long as you use the Services or as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which such personal information was collected, to provide our Services, to resolve disputes and prepare for, defend against, and otherwise conduct any legal action or process, to conduct audits, to pursue our legitimate business purposes, to enforce or comply with contracts, and to comply with applicable laws. 7. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18 The Services are not designed or intended for children under 18 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not create an account through, and must not use, our Services. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 we will delete that user’s account. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at support@curablehealth.com. 8. LOCATION OF DATA Curable and our service providers’ servers containing personal information are located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, your personal information is transferred or transmitted to the United States for storage and processing in compliance with this policy. By using our Services, you consent to such collection, storage, and processing in the United States and acknowledge that we must process your personal information in the United States in order to fulfill our Terms of Use, which you agree is a contract between you and us. Please be advised that the United States may not afford the same level of data protection as is required in your own country. Pursuant to legal process in the United States, your personal information may be available to the United States government or its agencies. 9. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy with respect to our Services, please send us a detailed email to support@curablehealth.com or contact us at the address below: Curable Inc., 201 Milwaukee Street, Denver, CO 80206 Effective and last updated on June 16, 2025. Curable Inc. knows that you care about how your personal information is collected, used, processed, and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the information we collect and that you may provide when you interact with us through our websites, software applications, social media pages, and other online services or advertisements (collectively, the “Services”), how we use and protect that information, and how we disclose that information. This policy describes our practices today, as well as our practices over the last 12 months. This policy provides important information about how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK-GDPR) and other laws. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not accept our policies and practices, do not use the Services. This policy is incorporated into and made a part of our terms of use (https://www.curablehealth.com/terms) (“Terms of Use”). If you have not done so already, please also review our Terms of Use (https://www.curablehealth.com/terms). The Terms of Use contain provisions that limit our liability to you and require you to resolve any dispute with us on an individual basis and not as part of any class or representative action. By using the Services, you consent to our use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in this policy. You may withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time by contacting us at support@curablehealth.com. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE SERVICES. We may update this privacy policy from time to time and post the new privacy policy on this page. However, if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify registered users by e-mail, post a notice on our home page, and/or alert you to such changes by other similar means. You may opt out of any remaining subscription if you decline to accept the revised privacy policy. Your continued use of our Services after we revise this policy means you accept those changes, so please check this policy periodically for updates. 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT We collect the following information from and about users of our Services: A. Information You Provide to Us When you interact with the Services, we may ask you to provide (or if not required, you may choose to provide) the following personal information: • First name; • Email address; • Phone number; and • Any other information you choose to provide us, which may include your medical conditions and your feelings regarding them. If you do not want information about your medical conditions or other information provided to us to be used or disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy, do not provide such information to us or do not use the Services. We collect this information when you register for the Services, subscribe to or purchase the Services, or when you use the Services, such as by filling in forms, answering questions, using live and automated chats, and by participating in online or virtual question and answer sessions. We also may collect this information when you communicate with us by email, fillable form, or chat. If you purchase anything from us, we do not collect your payment data. Instead, we use a third-party payment provider to whom you provide that information, and your interaction with that third-party payment provider is governed by its privacy policy, not ours. We also do not control the privacy practices of any third-party sites that you visit by clicking a link that is a part of our Services. You visit those sites at your own risk, and you understand and agree that you – and not Curable – are responsible for evaluating the privacy policies of those sites. B. Information Shared Through Curable Online Communities Our Services include online and virtual group discussions, lectures, question and answer sessions, and coaching sessions facilitated by both licensed professionals and professionals who are not licensed (collectively, “Virtual Programs”). Users participate in Virtual Programs through communication methods that may permit your voice or likeness to be shared with Curable facilitators and other Services users, including video and audio conference calls and virtual meetings. Virtual Programs are intended to provide users with an opportunity to discuss topics related to chronic pain management such as support and suggested resources for further exploration. In addition, Curable may also feature online message boards, social media groups and communities, chats, or other forums as part of the Services (collectively, “Public Forums”). You choose and control whether to participate in Virtual Programs and Public Forums and what, if any, information (including personal information) you share. While Curable will use any information you share in connection with Virtual Programs and Public Forums consistent with this Privacy Policy, we cannot control the actions of others with whom you choose to share your personal or other information during Virtual Programs and on Public Forums. Any information you share during Virtual Programs and on Public Forums, including personal information, is public and shared with others at your own risk. Certain Virtual Program sessions may be recorded by Curable and made available as part of the Services. Curable will give advance notice of which sessions will be recorded, and you may choose to participate or not. C. Automatically Collected Information When you use the Services, we collect information automatically using technologies such as cookies (more on those below), web beacons, SDKs, and tags, as follows: • Information regarding your access and use of the Services, including the pages or features you interact with, logs regarding your prior use of the Services or purchases you have previously made, and the time and duration of your activities on the Services. • Information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device’s unique identifier, IP address, operating system, and browser type. • Caching files previously placed on your device to help load the Services faster. We do not collect information about your activities over time and across third-party websites, apps, or other online services. We do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals sent from web browsers that connect with the Services. D. Cookies “Cookies” are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the device you use to view a website. Each device that accesses our website is assigned a different cookie by Curable. We use session cookies, which are specific to a particular interaction with the Services and carry information as you view different pages. Session cookies expire and delete themselves automatically when you leave our Services or when you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which enable us to recognize you when you use our Services and remember your preferences, such as keeping you signed into your account with us. Persistent cookies are stored on your browser or mobile device until you choose to delete them, and otherwise typically delete themselves at expiration. It may be possible to refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser or device. However, if you select this setting, certain functionality or features of the Services may be diminished or inoperable. 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use information that you provide to us, that you share through Curable online communities, and information collected from you to: • Provide you the Services; • Communicate with you regarding the Services; • Improve, research, develop, or create new products and/or services; • Administer your account and subscriptions, including to give you notices about your account and subscriptions, including expiration and renewal notices; • Customize content for you that we think you might like based on your usage patterns, and deliver a more personalized experience when you use the Services; • Perform billing and collection relating to the Services; • Identify problems with the Services; • Help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Services and technology and other assets of our business; • Investigate suspicious or unlawful activity or violations of our Terms of Use or community guidelines; • Obtain statistical behavior regarding usage patterns, trends, user behavior, preferences, and activity with respect to the Services and for other testing and analysis related to the Services; • Fulfill and enforce our Terms of Use; • Personalize your online experience and the advertisements you see on other platforms based on your preferences, interests, and browsing behavior; • Contact you about third-party goods and services that may be of interest to you, though you may opt out of receiving such communications at any time; • Comply with judicial and administrative orders and other applicable law; and • Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information or for which you provide your consent. 3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES YOUR IDENTIFICATION AS A PERSON WHO HAS A CURABLE ACCOUNT BY INTERACTING WITH OUR SERVICES MAY IMPLY THAT YOU HAVE ONE OR MORE SYMPTOMS CURABLE IS INTENDED TO ADDRESS. SHOULD YOU WISH TO AVOID THAT IMPLICATION, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. We disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction. We may disclose your personal information as follows: • For scientific or other research that is consistent with Curable’s mission to provide better and cheaper pain management that does not require the use of pharmaceuticals by proving the efficacy of Curable as an alternative to medicine. If Curable engages in such research, it will use a third party service which is required to keep your personal information confidential before it is used for any research or disclosed to any other party. • To agents, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to provide our Services or support our business consistent with the “How We Use Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy, such as cloud-based storage providers, web hosting providers, customer and technical support vendors, payment processors, app use analytics providers, email and communications support providers, and the like. These service providers are necessary to Curable’s business, and Curable would be unable to provide the Services without them. • To web advertising companies that serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and other online services. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services. Curable and others may use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your online activity. Some of our advertising partners enable us to convert your email address into an identifier to show ads that are more relevant to you on other platforms. You may ask us not to share your email address with web advertising companies at any time by sending an email to us at support@curablehealth.com. • To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Curable’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Curable about users of our Services is among the assets transferred. • To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the gift subscription feature of our Site, we will use that email address to transmit the gift subscription and your name and email address to the gift recipient. • To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request. • To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including our Terms of Use and for billing and collection. • If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of you, Curable, our affiliates, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, detection, or suppression and credit risk reduction. It also includes contacting emergency medical services on your behalf or for others if we deem necessary. • For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. 4. DATA SECURITY We employ industry standard administrative, physical, and technical measures designed to safeguard and protect your personal information under our control from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone and we suggest that you limit access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Curable account. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure, and we cannot and do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of your personal information transmitted through any of our Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide. We will make all legally required disclosures of any data breach related to your personal information. If you have any questions about data security, you can contact us at support@curablehealth.com. 5. YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CCPA, GDPR, UK-GDPR AND OTHER LAWS, INCLUDING TO ACCESS, MODIFY, AND ERASE PERSONAL INFORMATION We are committed to providing you with your rights under the CCPA, GDPR, the UK-GDPR and other laws. You can exercise those rights as follows: • Know and Rectify: You can review, correct, and update personal information you have submitted when you registered with our Services by visiting the settings option within the Curable app or website. You may also contact us to correct or update inaccurate information in your user account or profile by sending an email to us at support@curablehealth.com. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or our Terms of Use. • Review and Portability: You may obtain a copy of your personal information by emailing us at support@curablehealth.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you access to your personal information within thirty (30) days of such request, but may not provide access under certain circumstances, such as instances where the information cannot legally be disclosed, where such access would compromise others’ privacy or other legal rights, where it would be burdensome or expensive to provide such access, or where the information is subject to confidentiality or proprietary restrictions. • Deletion: You may request deletion of your personal information in our possession by emailing us at support@curablehealth.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal information within thirty (15) days of such request. After the deletion process, fragments of data that were once associated with you may remain on our Services, but they will no longer be associated with you. • Opt-Out: You may opt out of all promotional emails from us by clicking the unsubscribe link in those emails or by emailing us at support@curablehealth.com. If you previously consented, but wish to withdraw your consent to our collection, use, sharing, and processing of your personal information as described in this policy, you must delete your account (although a withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal information prior to withdrawal). You may request deletion of your account by sending an email to support@curablehealth.com. • EU/UK Consumers: How to contact the appropriate supervisory authority: If you are an EU or UK consumer and wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Curable has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may find your EU national data protection authorities listed here or contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office here. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. Our justification for processing your personal data is to fulfill the purposes of our Terms of Use, which is a contract between you and us. 6. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Unless you request that we delete it, we will retain your personal information for as long as you use the Services or as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which such personal information was collected, to provide our Services, to resolve disputes and prepare for, defend against, and otherwise conduct any legal action or process, to conduct audits, to pursue our legitimate business purposes, to enforce or comply with contracts, and to comply with applicable laws. 7. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18 The Services are not designed or intended for children under 18 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not create an account through, and must not use, our Services. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 we will delete that user’s account. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at support@curablehealth.com. 8. LOCATION OF DATA Curable and our service providers’ servers containing personal information are located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, your personal information is transferred or transmitted to the United States for storage and processing in compliance with this policy. By using our Services, you consent to such collection, storage, and processing in the United States and acknowledge that we must process your personal information in the United States in order to fulfill our Terms of Use, which you agree is a contract between you and us. Please be advised that the United States may not afford the same level of data protection as is required in your own country. Pursuant to legal process in the United States, your personal information may be available to the United States government or its agencies. 9. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy with respect to our Services, please send us a detailed email to support@curablehealth.com or contact us at the address below: Curable Inc., 201 Milwaukee Street, Denver, CO 80206
