Fitness Stats is built by Indie Computing Labs, LLC. Our goal is to make amazing apps for you, and not track you, or sell your private, personal information. To that end we strive to make sure that we collect or retain the least amount of information necessary to build and support functional apps. We build and design apps with utmost care to be as private as possible. If you have questions, please contact us. Fitness Stats is a native iPhone app. It does real-time calculations using your data that is stored in the Health app on your iPhone. Your data is only used within this app and never shared with any other apps, services, or network. Fitness Stats is built to analyze your Health & Fitness data as collected by an Apple Watch and/or stored in the Health app on your iOS device. It does not share this data outside of local installation of the app on your device. Your data is not transmitted outside of the app. We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. By using Fitness Stats and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union. Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used. While we do our best to keep all the data calculation and analysis as accurate as possible, we do not warrant completeness or accuracy of the data. Software defects can cause misinformation. Fitness Stats relies on data stored on your iOS device and does not duplicate or backup your data to maintain your privacy. This means that if data is lost from the Health app on your iOS device, Fitness Stats will not have access to it to be functional. Please follow guidelines from Apple about backing up your device data (specifically data stored in Health app). To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to software (the apps and website) built by Indie Computing Labs, LLC, and the use of it (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use. By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy. If we do, we will post those changes on this page and update the modification date below.
