Effective as of 6 September, 2024 

See the previous versions of our Privacy Policy here. This policy explains how we handle your personal data. Here’s a quick summary first, with key takeaways. It is not a substitute for reading the full policy, along with our Terms of Use.

We are proud to hold two certifications for internationally recognised privacy and security standards. Flo has obtained independent certifications in both ISO/IEC 27001 in Information Security and ISO/IEC 27701 in Privacy. Our certifications demonstrate our commitment to maintain high standards when it comes to securing your information and managing a strong privacy programme. When you use Flo, you are trusting us with your personal data. We are committed to being transparent, protecting your rights, and respecting your data. 

Flo is the first female health app to introduce further privacy protections for your data with Anonymous Mode. With an even deeper layer of privacy, Anonymous Mode gives you the option to access the app without your name, email address, or technical identifiers being associated with the data you put into the app.

When you use Flo, we collect your personal data and use it to improve your experience and service. We can then increase the safety and accuracy of your predictions and give you relevant app content and product offers.

If you consent, we may use technical information about your device and other information about you (such as your device’s unique technical identifier, age group, subscription status, emails and the fact you launch the app) to reach you for promotional purposes.

We believe in transparent and open conversation - you can access, modify, correct, erase, and update your personal data by emailing us at support@flo.health or emailing our data protection officer at dpo@flo.health. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you can withdraw your consent. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, let us know. 

You must be at least 13 years old to use the app (16 years old for European Economic Area, United Kingdom residents and Canada).

This Privacy Policy explains how Flo Health UK Limited and its affiliated entities (“Flo” or “we” or “us”) complies with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the UK GDPR and any other applicable data protection laws and regulations. This Privacy Policy explains how Flo collects, stores, uses, transfers, and shares personal data from our users (“you”) in connection with the Flo mobile application, Flo Period & Ovulation Tracker application (the “App”),* and the flo.health website, including all subdomains, products and services related to it (the “Website”) (all collectively, the “Services”). 

Flo Health UK Limited is a UK registered data controller of the Services.

*The App may be listed under a different name depending on your location. A full list of names is available here. 

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If the changes are material, we will notify you by email or through the App. If permitted by law, your continued use of the Services after this policy has been updated indicates your acceptance of changes made. In some cases, you will be given a choice to accept changes to this policy. If you do not accept the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services. 

The latest updates to this policy are available on our Website and in the App.

We collect personal data about you when you interact with the Services. This can be directly from you or from other sources and third parties. 

Personal data you provide to us directly:

General information: When you sign up to use the Services, we may collect personal data such as your name, email address, year and month of birth, password, place of residence and location information including time zone and language. We may be able to infer your sex and/or gender by your use of the Services. 

You may also choose to input information such as your first name or the name you would like us to call you. This is led by you and it will not affect your use of the Services should you choose not to enter this information. 

Well-being: When you use the Services, you can choose to input personal data about yourself, such as your weight; height; body mass index (BMI); body temperature; menstrual cycle dates; pregnancy and details relating to your pregnancy (if you select the pregnancy mode); other symptoms and stages that are related to your menstrual cycle; perimenopause and menopause symptoms; general well-being and health; symptoms, which may include information relating to your sex life; or other information, like your physical and mental well-being, water intake and sleep duration. 

Third-party services (including wearables): With your consent, you may also allow us to connect to third-party services, such as Apple HealthKit and Google Health Connect. This enables us to import information about your health and activities into the App without the need for you to log it yourself. This imported data may include fitness activities, weight, height, BMI, calories burned, heart rate, number of steps/distance traveled, body temperature, sleep and other activity data. This data provides you with general insights into your activities and helps us to make better predictions regarding your cycle. We will process this data in order to provide you with App functionality and features. Importing this data is subject to the Google Health Connect and Apple HealthKit privacy policies and terms. Please also check the applicable terms and privacy policies of the wearable devices that you may use to connect to Flo. Your wearable provider may collect usage data relating to your connection for its own business purposes, including to improve its services. 

Personal data we collect automatically:

When you access or use the Services, we may automatically collect the following information:

Device information: device model; information about the operating system and its version; unique device identifiers; enabled device accessibility features (e.g., display features, hearing features, and physical and motor features); mobile operator and network information; device storage information or version of your device system. 

Location information: IP address for an approximate location (not precise location); time zone or information about your mobile service provider.

Data about your use of the Services, including: frequency of use; areas and features of the Services that you access or use; payment transaction information (excluding full payment card details) or engagement with particular features.

To collect this and other information, we may use cookies and other similar technologies. See more in our Cookie Policy.

Data from external sources: we may receive personal data about you from third parties. For example, we may obtain information from third parties to enhance or supplement your existing information, including to customize your experience and for statistical purposes and analytics.

Depending on which features of the Services you use, we will process your personal data based on one or more of the following legal bases (we have included some examples):

Further examples of our legitimate interests are outlined in the table below. When relying on this legal basis, we first determine that we have a legitimate interest in conducting and managing our business. We then consider and balance potential impacts to you and your rights, to ensure that our interests do not override them. 

Below, we describe the purposes for which we process your personal data and our lawful bases for doing so, including some basic examples:

To support the existing functions of the App, including tailored content, insights and materials you see when you use the App based on: the data you provide within the App; the Services you have selected for use (e.g. your selected mode) and the App features you engage with; information obtained from connected third-party services (like Apple HealthKit and Google Health Connect); and certain information provided in onboarding questionnaires.

To send you: technical notices and updates; security alerts (and investigate incidents); support and administrative messages; and  customer satisfaction surveys.  

To integrate data between the Website and App in connection with onboarding users. Please note that information provided during your Website onboarding journey, and before you create a Flo account, will not be stored by Flo until your account is created. 

Data minimization and purpose limitation: We will not process personal data in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or authorized by you or collect any personal data that is not needed for the mentioned purposes.

No sale of personal data: We will not sell or rent your personal data for monetary gain. We will not disclose your personal data except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We will share your personal data with our service providers who support our Services as described in this Privacy Policy. We will also not use information received through your use of the Apple HealthKit or Google Health Connect framework for advertising or similar services, or sell it to advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers.

It does not matter what country, state, or region you come from; we are committed to providing you with individual privacy rights in accordance with the GDPR in relation to your personal data. 

What are these rights?

Only you or a person legally authorized to act on your behalf may make a verifiable request related to your personal data. We reserve the right to perform reasonable checks to confirm a person’s authorization, (for example, in the US, we may check if they are a person registered with the California Secretary of State).

If you believe that your personal data is inaccurate, you have the right to contact us and ask us to correct such personal data.

You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted in some circumstances. For example, you have the right to request the restriction of your personal data if you contest the accuracy of your personal data and we need some time to verify such accuracy. 

You have the right to request information about what personal data we process about you, to access all your personal data and to receive a copy of it, including in a structured and portable form (.json). For iOS Flo Premium users, the App also enables you to download a report containing some of your personal data from within the App. 

You have the right to request your personal data in a portable form which enables you to, for instance, reuse your data for your individual purposes or different services. In other words, it may allow you to move, copy or transfer personal data from Flo in a safe and secure way. 

You have the right to request that we erase your personal data at any time. Please be aware that erasing some personal data may affect your experience using certain features of the Services that rely on historical data.

You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, for example, if we process it for direct marketing purposes.

Please email us at support@flo.health to exercise your privacy rights. 

If you would like to exercise your right to request erasure of your account, you can visit the settings in your App. 

We will address your request within one-month after receipt. It can take us up to 90 days in some cases, for example, for full erasure of your personal data stored in our backup systems. We will let you know if we need more time and explain the reasons for the delay. 

We rely on your consent to process your health data to access the Services. You can withdraw this consent by contacting us or deleting your account in the App.

Please keep in mind that if we receive a vague request, we may contact you to better understand the request. We may also refuse to comply with or charge a reasonable fee for a request that is manifestly unfounded and/or excessive (repetitive) requests. 

We will require you to prove your identity. Normally, we will verify that the request is coming from the same email that you provided when registering. If you have not registered your account, we may ask you to undergo additional verification checks to ensure we can appropriately respond to you. 

Subject to applicable laws, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority about any of our activities. If you have any concerns about our privacy practices, please let us know by emailing our support team at support@flo.health or by emailing our data protection officer at dpo@flo.health.

We will not share your personal data with third parties except as specified within this Privacy Policy.

With your consent, we may share some of your non-health personal data with AppsFlyer to promote the Services. 

AppsFlyer is a mobile marketing platform that handles your personal data in accordance with our instructions. By using AppsFlyer and its integrated partners to promote the Services, we are able to reach you and people like you on various platforms and spread the word about Flo. If we need to share your personal data with other platforms for this purpose, except as we have explained in this Privacy Policy, we will ask for your consent. 

Here is a step-by-step illustration of how we work with AppsFlyer and its integrated partners for marketing and promotional purposes:

1. You become a Flo user, and with your consent, we start sharing the following personal data with AppsFlyer and its integrated partners to promote the Services: 

2. Flo sends your personal data to AppsFlyer, which analyzes it and provides us reports and insights on how to optimize our promotional campaigns.

3. At the same time, AppsFlyer sends your personal data to some of its integrated partners (e.g., Pinterest, Google Ads, Apple Search Ads, Meta Audience and others) to find you or people like you on different platforms, including social media websites. 

These integrated partners analyze your personal data and show relevant information about Flo to people who might be potentially interested in it or remind you about revisiting the App if you stopped using it a while ago. 

Read more about how AppsFlyer works here and how its integrated partners work here. 

4. Opt-out options: You can withdraw your consent or opt out from the sharing of your personal data with AppsFlyer for marketing purposes in accordance with this subsection anytime by adjusting your device settings in iOS or Android.

Note that we also use AppsFlyer to integrate data between the Website and App in connection with onboarding users. You are not able to opt out of AppsFlyer’s processing of your personal data for these purposes.

In some situations, we engage other companies to process your personal data on our behalf. We refer to these companies or service providers as “processors.” 

Processors are companies that help us run the Services, support our communication with you, or perform other App-related activities. They process certain personal data on our behalf to accomplish the goals related to the App functions and deliver the Services. We remain responsible for any acts or omissions of our processors, and we enter into data processing contracts with them to the extent required by applicable law.

Flo’s team is based in a number of countries. The following group companies are therefore data processors within the Flo group of companies:

Here are some of the main processors we rely on:

Google Privacy Policy

Google Analytics 4: Data privacy and security

For information relating to processors we engage to utilize cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy. 

We may aggregate, anonymize, or de-identify your personal data so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. We may share such data with third parties such as academic research institutions or use the data for statistical purposes. For example, we may share or use general age and demographic information and aggregate statistics about certain activities or symptoms from data collected to help identify patterns across users in articles, blog posts, and scientific publications. Sharing such data may contribute to the advancement of scientific research on female health. 

For certain targeted academic or user research studies, we will contact you and rely on your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at dpo@flo.health.

The App features several community areas like Secret Chats and guided groups where users with similar interests can share information and support one another. 

Posting your personal data in such groups is not permitted, and is in violation of our rules, such as the Secret Chats Rules. Any information (including personal data) you share in any online community area or online discussion is by its nature, open to the Flo community. Please think carefully before posting anything that may identify you in any public forum. Remember, what you post can be seen, disclosed to, or collected by others and may be used in ways we cannot control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. If you mistakenly post personal data in our community areas and would like it removed, email us at support@flo.health. 

Anonymous Mode lets you create a Flo account without your email, name, or technical identifiers being associated with your new Anonymous Mode account. 

If you have an existing account, certain non-identifiable data will be transferred to your new Anonymous Mode account (e.g., your cycle data). Your old account with personal information you logged from your previous cycles will be automatically deleted in line with our retention policy, and you will no longer have access to it.

Limitations of Anonymous Mode: When you choose to create an Anonymous Mode account, some features of the App will not be available to you since they use personal data to function. These features may include integration with your wearable device, some push notifications and emails. 

When you create an Anonymous Mode account, we cannot identify you. While our customer support will not be able to answer some specific or technical questions, we will do our best to help. 

As is the case with all digital Services, in certain limited circumstances, it may be theoretically possible for someone to find a way around security measures. For instance, a user’s device may be utilized without authorization by a third party. Anonymous Mode accounts unlink all personal information from stored health data, which reduces the risks posed by such events. For more information about Anonymous Mode, please read our Anonymous Mode FAQs here.

If you are over 18 years old, you can select the Flo for Partners Service, in which you permit certain information from your Flo account to be shared with your partner. As the main user, you have full control over this sharing and can stop sharing at any time.  

Your partner will have read-only access to the information that you share. This means that they cannot download or edit your information. Your partner can not see or edit: your calendar information that was created prior to your decision to share; your personal notes; any symptoms or feelings that you have logged while using the App; or your interaction with other features in the App (such as Secret Chats).

If you’re trying to conceive or keeping track of your menstrual cycle, your partner will have access to a view-only version of your current cycle day and cycle phase predictions calendar. Your partner will also receive tailored daily educational insights and notifications during significant phases of your cycle. 

If you’re pregnant, your partner will receive regular updates about your pregnancy, including tailored daily educational insights. They will also receive notifications about any changes that may be happening to your body, symptoms commonly experienced and important development milestones. 

Your partner will be able to see within their App if you switch between modes - for example, if you switch from ‘track pregnancy’ to ‘track cycle’ their content will be adjusted accordingly. 

What data is collected from you as a partner? 

If you’re a partner and you are receiving information from the main Flo user, we will collect your name and email (in order to create a partner account with Flo) and your month and year of birth in order to verify your age. While your gender information is not directly collected, this is inferred by your use of the App. We will not collect any health data relating to you.

Except as set forth below, we will retain your personal data for as long as needed to provide you with the Services or otherwise fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. 

Impact of account deactivation/requests to erase personal data: At any time, you can deactivate your account by following the steps detailed above at ‘How to exercise your privacy rights’. We will address your deletion request within one-month after receipt. It will take us up to 90 days in some cases to complete full erasure of your personal data stored in our backup systems. If you choose to deactivate your account, Flo will generally delete all your personal data, and it will not be recoverable should you later create another account. 

Impact of App deletion or inactivity: If you choose to delete the App from your device or your account becomes inactive, we will retain your personal data for a period of three years in case you decide to reactivate the Services or reinstall the App. After three years of inactivity, we will delete your personal information. While this is the Flo data retention standard, you can still ask for your data to be deleted at an earlier date by contacting us. The App covers different periods of users’ lifecycle; therefore, retention of your data is needed in some cases to secure your smooth experience with other App functions (e.g., switching to pregnancy mode after cycle tracking). 

Limitations: You should be aware that although we will delete, anonymize or otherwise de-identify your data where possible, we may retain certain personal data and other information after your account has been terminated or deleted. This is as required and permitted by applicable law, like the GDPR, and will include the following circumstances: 

We use industry-standard methods and procedures to ensure that we securely and permanently delete your personal data from our systems so that it is no longer capable of recovery. These procedures can include automated notifications to some of our processors who process your personal data on our behalf.

We implement technical and organizational measures in an effort to protect personal data from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the nature of the personal data that we process and risks associated with special categories of personal data we collect. This includes:

Please protect your password. Do not share it with others or allow anyone to use your mobile device. You may also wish to add a passcode or enable face ID to access the App for an added layer of protection. 

No security system is perfect. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of the Services or that your information will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us.

If we learn of a security systems breach, we may either post a notice or attempt to notify you by email and will take reasonable steps to remedy the breach as specified in applicable law and this Privacy Policy. If we learn of a potential personal data breach, together with other actions referred to in the Privacy Policy, we will take actions to remedy the breach as appropriate under the circumstances, which may include logging you out from all the devices, resetting a password (sending a temporary password for you to apply), and performing other reasonably necessary activities.

If you want to report a security incident related to the Services, please email us at security@flo.health.

General age limitation: The Services are not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old through the Services. If you are aware of anyone under 13 years old using the Services, please email us at support@flo.health and we will take the required steps to delete such information and/or delete the child’s account. 

Age limitation for residents of the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK) and Canada: Due to legal requirements, we do not allow the use of the Services by residents of EEA or the UK younger than 16 years old. If you are aware of anyone younger than 16 using the Services, please email us at support@flo.health, and we will take steps to delete such information and/or delete the child’s account. 

Some App functions are only available to users over the age of 18 years.

We may contact you from time to time via email or through other means (like pop-ups or push notifications) to communicate with you about Services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by us and provide news and information that we think will be of interest to you. These communications may be based on the Services you have selected for use (e.g. your selected mode) and the App features you engage with.

Opt-out options: You can always opt out of receiving marketing emails by unsubscribing via the “Unsubscribe” link contained in the email. Opting out of these marketing emails or notifications will not end the transmission of service-related emails that are necessary to your use of the Services. You may also opt out of receiving push notifications by adjusting your settings in your device. If required, we may ask some users to provide additional consent for such communications.

Please note that we may contact you with information about Services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by us and others via third-party platforms (like social media). 

Presence on social networks 

We may use social media platforms to promote Flo and engage with our customers. When you interact with us on these platforms, we may process information, such as your username, profile picture, and any comments or posts you make related to Flo, for engagement purposes only.

Flo is based in the UK. Personal data we collect is transferred to and processed in the US; where it is governed by US law) and to other countries (where it is governed by the applicable laws of those countries). These transfers are usually cloud-based, and can occur when you engage with the Services and are subject to our retention policies. The laws of other countries may not offer the same protections as the laws of your jurisdiction.

Transfers of personal data outside of the EEA and the UK

Personal data in the EEA and the UK is protected by the GDPR and the UK GDPR. When transferring personal data outside of these locations, we will always apply appropriate safeguards in accordance with the law to ensure your personal data is protected. For example, we enter into data transfer agreements that incorporate the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses and carry out transfer risk assessments.

For further information, please email us at support@flo.health.

As set forth by the US Department of Commerce, Flo complies with the EU–US DPF, the UK extension to the EU–US DPF, and the Swiss–US DPF (collectively, the “DPFs”). We have certified to the US Department of Commerce that in reliance of the DPFs, we adhere to the DPFs’ principles when processing personal data of individuals within the European Union, United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. For onward transfers, Flo is responsible for processing personal data we receive under the DPFs and then transfers to a third party acting on Flo’s behalf. Flo remains liable under the DPFs if those third parties process personal data in a way that is not in compliance with the DPFs, unless Flo can prove that we are not responsible for the cause of any damage.

If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPFs’ principles, the DPF principles will govern. You can view our certification here.

Complaints and dispute resolution: We commit to resolve complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our DPFs should first contact us by emailing us at dpo@flo.health or by mail using the address Flo Health UK Limited, Fourth Floor, International House, 1 St Katharine’s Way, London, E1W 1UN, United Kingdom. 

Arbitration: You may also be able to invoke binding arbitration for unresolved complaints, but prior to initiating such arbitration, a resident of a European country (including Switzerland) participating in the DPFs must first (1) contact us and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) seek assistance from JAMS; and (3) contact the US Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European data protection authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue. If such a resident invokes binding arbitration, each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees. Please be advised that pursuant to the DPFs, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, nonmonetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the DPFs with respect to the resident. The arbitration option may not be invoked if the individual’s same claimed violation of the principles (1) has previously been subject to binding arbitration; (2) was the subject of a final judgment entered in a court action to which the individual was a party; or (3) was previously settled by the parties.

We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission concerning personal data transferred under the DPFs, the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office (for UK individuals), the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. 

We have further committed to refer unresolved DPFs complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact JAMS or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

We do not sell your information for monetary gain.

Under certain state laws (including California), if we disclose personal information to a third party for any benefit, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” or personal information, even if the third party does not use the personal information for any other purpose. We “share” personal information if we disclose personal information to a company for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. 

Request to opt out/Do Not Track: We do not sell your personal information. You have the right to opt out of sharing your personal information with our analytics and advertising partners. This includes opting out of “sale” — a term very broadly defined under US state legislation (including California) — and “Do Not Track” requirements. Note: This personal information will not contain your health data. Regardless of your choices, we do not share health data with these partners.

Do Not Track is a web browsing setting that adds a signal to your browser header that tells other websites that you do not want their tracking cookies. Flo currently does not respond to such signals in browsers because no DNT standard has been adopted. To exercise this right you can contact us at support@flo.health. 

Limiting the use of sensitive personal information: Sensitive personal information that we process is limited to only those purposes that are necessary to provide Services to you.

Request to know/access: In addition to the other rights mentioned in this policy, you have the right to request to know (i) the personal and sensitive information we have collected about you and our purposes of use; and (ii) the categories, sources, and third parties involved in personal information we have collected about you or “sold” or disclosed in the past 12 months. You may exercise your right to request to know twice a year, free of charge.

Shine the Light: California residents may also request information from us once a calendar year about any personal information shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. We don’t share information with third parties for their own marketing uses, but please email us at support@flo.health if you have questions. You’ll need to specify “California Privacy Rights Request” in the subject line of the email, and also include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. 

References to “personal data” in this policy include “sensitive/personal information” as defined under California laws.

General

If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy, you may contact us or our data protection officer by writing to us at:

Flo Health UK Limited, Fourth Floor, International House, 1 St Katharine’s Way, London, E1W 1UN, United Kingdom

Flo Health LTU UAB, Saltoniškių street 2 Vilnius, LT-08126, Lithuania (our main EU establishment)

Or by emailing us at support@flo.health or dpo@flo.health.

You may also contact your local data protection authority. You can find a list of local data protection authorities here. 
