Download the app Scan the QR code to download from the App Store. Privacy PolicyLast Updated: May 29, 2025 We recognize that your privacy is very important. This privacy policy covers the policies of Algebraic Labs, LLC d/b/a Foodnoms ("Algebraic Labs", "we", "us", or "our") on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information, including any personally identifiable information or other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you ("Personal Data") when you access our website at https://foodnoms.com (the "Site"), our mobile application (the "App"), and other existing and future products and services, owned, operated, controlled or offered by Algebraic Labs (collectively, the "Services"). Each time you use our Services, you consent to the collection, use and storage of the collected information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please read it carefully and contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com if you have any questions. 1. What information do we collect? Account Registration Information If you want to create an account, as part of the account registration process, we will collect your name, email address and password. Sign in with Apple If you choose to create an account by utilizing the Apple Sign In feature, we will ask for your name, which you can edit in your Apple account before sharing with us. We will also ask you to provide us with an email address. You can choose to provide us with any of the email addresses associated with your Apple Account, or to hide your email address. If you choose to hide your email address from us, Apple will generate and provide us with a unique email address for us to use to communicate with you. You should review Sign in With Apple's Privacy Policy for more information on their data collection practices. Purchase Information If you sign up for a paid subscription, we will collect your purchase history. Payment Information As part of our Services, our third-party payment processing service provider, Apple, will collect credit card information from you. Apple's privacy policy can be found here. Input to Food Log and Library Through the App, you will be able to create a Food Log by inputting what you eat and/or drink for your meals every day. The App also allows you to create a Library where you can add foods, recipes or meals. When you use the App's feature to scan the barcode of your food or meals, we collect the bar code and use it to identify the product and its manufacturer When you use the App's feature to scan the nutrition labels of the foods or meals you want to add, we use information gathered from the scans of the nutrition labels to automatically populate the nutrient form fields When you import a recipe from a website, we use the website URL you provided us with to retrieve the recipe and perform nutrition analysis for you Queries for Foodnoms AI Foodnoms AI helps you log and save foods that aren't easily scannable or labeled—like home-cooked meals, restaurant dishes, or recipes. Depending on your subscription, you may be able to input textual descriptions, links or upload an image of your meal to our Foodnoms AI. Our Foodnoms AI will process your textual input, links or image to provide you with a suggested nutritional analysis. We will also use your textual input, links or image to improve our database and identify problems affecting the customer experience, all on an anonymous basis. Queries for Foodnoms Database Through the App, you will be able to log and save foods by searching for similar foods stored in our Foodnoms database. We will also use your search query to improve our database and identify problems affecting the customer experience, all on an anonymous basis. Submissions to Foodnoms Database Through the App, you may be able to submit foods to our Foodnoms database. When you submit foods to our Foodnoms database, the foods you submit become accessible to other account users. Input to Goals Through the App, you will be able to create and edit nutrition goals by either utilizing the settings available in the App or customizing your own. We collect your input to allow us to assist you with goal tracking. Apple Health Data Through the App, you have the option to enable the App to read and write certain data from/to the Apple Health app on your device ("Apple Health Data"). Such information does not personally identify you, and may include the following: food consumption, nutrient intake, energy burned, height, weight, sex and age. You can choose to disconnect and disable the App from reading from and or writing to Apple Health Data at any time. The information you provide to the Apple Health app is then governed by the Apple Privacy Policy. You may have the option to choose to store your Apple Health Data on your iCloud account, which will be governed by Apple's Terms and Privacy Policy, or on Foodnoms Cloud, which will be governed by our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. Automatically Collected Usage Activity When you visit our Site or use our App, we may collect certain information automatically from you, which may include: Browser and device data: IP address, device identifier, device type, operating system and Internet browser type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, plug-ins, add-ons, and the language version of the Site and App you are visiting Usage data: time spent on the App and the Site including pages visited, links clicked, approximate location, language preferences, performance of features, patterns of use, and the pages that led or referred you to our App and the Site Products & Services Updates We may collect your name and email address if you sign up to receive emails, invites and newsletters from us regarding our products and services. You may opt out at any time by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of any Algebraic Labs' marketing email and following the instructions found on the page to which the link takes you. Please allow us a reasonable time to process your request. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to the Services. Communication Information When you send or respond to emails, messages, chats, or other communications from us, we may collect your email address, name, and any other personal information you choose to include in the body content of your communications. In addition, when you interact with certain features of our Services, we may collect the content of those communications. 2. How we use cookies? Cookies are small text files which are transferred to your computer or mobile device when you visit our Site. We use them to remember your preferences, improve your user experience, and help us understand how people are using our Services, so we can make them better. Cookies can be session cookies, which expire once you close your web browser. Cookies can also be persistent cookies, which stay on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them. Algebraic Labs uses the following types of cookies: Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary to allow us to operate our Services as you have requested. For example, they let us recognize what type of user you are, provide security settings (for example, CAPTCHA) and then provide you with services accordingly. Performance Cookies: We may use cookies and other similar technologies to analyze how our Services are accessed, used, or performing. We use this information to maintain, operate, and continually improve our Services. We may also obtain information from our email newsletters or other communications we send to you, including whether you opened or forwarded a newsletter or clicked on any of its content. This information tells us about our newsletters' effectiveness and helps us ensure that we're delivering information that you find interesting. Functional Cookies: These cookies help us remember your preferences and settings to enhance your user experience. Using our Services without cookies is also possible. In your browser, you can deactivate the saving of cookies, limit them to particular websites, or set the browser to notify you when a cookie is sent. You can also delete cookies from your PC hard drive at any time (file: "cookies"). Please note that in this case you will have to expect a limited page presentation and limited user guidance. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. 3. How do we use the collected information? We use the information we collect for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as covered in any agreement that incorporates this Privacy Policy, or as disclosed to you in connection with our Services. For example, we will use your information to: Provide and deliver products or services, including software updates Operate and improve our operations, systems, products, and services Provide customer and service support, such as sending confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages and providing service support and troubleshooting Communicate with you and your referrals about promotions and news about products and services offered by Algebraic Labs and our selected partners Enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners, or users Protect against, investigate, and deter fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity Aggregate Data In an ongoing effort to better understand and to serve the users of our Services, we may conduct research on our users' food logs, goals, submissions and search queries input, all on an anonymous basis. This research will be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information does not identify you personally and will not be treated as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy. Legal Basis For Processing When we process your information we will only do so where at least one of the following applies: Provide our service to you: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For example, if you create an account, we process your account registration data to provide customized and personalized Services to you. When you input food, recipes and meals into your food log and set your nutrition goals, we perform a nutrition analysis of your food intake and track your progress against the goals you set. When you input a search query into Foodnoms AI, we retrieve food information based on your query. Legitimate interests: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. We analyze aggregated and/or anonymous user activities on our Services to continuously improve our Services and for market research purposes. We remember your preferences to provide enhanced, more personalized features. We process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes. Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time by utilizing the opt-out or toggle-off features available in your account settings, or by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. Legal Compliance: When it is necessary for us to use your information to comply with legal obligations. 4. Is Information Collected by or Disclosed to Third Parties by using the Services? We do not share, sell or rent to third parties your information except as described in this Privacy Policy. Examples of instances in which we share your information are provided below: 1. Third party service providers We, like many businesses, sometimes engage other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf so that we can focus on our core business. Examples of these services include, but are not limited to product analytics, crash reporting, trial and paid subscription management, search engine provider, server hosting, email sending platform and newsletter publishing. We authorize them to use this Personal Data only in connection with data security and privacy standards. Foodnoms AI - powered by OpenAI: We use OpenAI tools to power our search query analysis in our Foodnoms AI. When you input text, link or image into our Foodnoms AI to log or save foods that are not easily scannable or labeled, we relay the input to OpenAI to perform nutritional analysis. Your input will not be used to train OpenAI models. For more information on how OpenAI processes your input, please review their privacy policy here. 2. Business transfers We may sell, assign, buy, transfer or otherwise acquire or dispose of certain of our businesses or corporate assets. In the event of such or similar event, Personal Data we collected from you may be part of the transferred assets. We may also share Personal Data with our auditors, attorneys or other advisors in connection with the foregoing corporate transactions. You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquirer of us will continue to have the right to use your Personal Data and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 3. Aggregate Data In an ongoing effort to better understand and to serve the users of our Services, we may conduct research on our users' food logs, goals, submissions and search queries input, all on an anonymous basis. This research will be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information does not identify you personally and will not be treated as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy. 4. Website Analytics We use analytics provider Plausible Analytics of which all the site measurement is carried out anonymously. Cookies are not used and no personal data is collected. For more information about Plausible Analytics' data collection policy, please visit their privacy policy here. 5. Legal requirements We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law (including, without limitation responding to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, court or government agency or other public authorities) or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary: To comply with a legal obligation To protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of other customers or users To act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public To protect against legal liability or potential fraud, as determined in our sole discretion 6. Your consent If we intend to use any of your Personal Data collected in any manner that is not specified herein, we will inform you of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which such Personal Data is collected or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection but prior to such use. In short, we will honor the choices you make regarding your Personal Data and will inform you about any other intended uses of such information. 5. How Does Algebraic Labs Comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act? Our Services are directed toward a general audience and are not directed at nor intended for use by children. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. 6. What are my data protection rights under General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and its Swiss and UK GDPR counterparts? If you are located in countries that are within the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), Switzerland or UK, GDPR and its UK and Swiss GDPR counterparts give you rights with respect to your Personal Data that is stored in Foodnoms Cloud, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to: Request access to your Personal Data Request correction or deletion of your Personal Data Object to our use and processing of your Personal Data Request that we limit our use and processing of your Personal Data Request portability of your Personal Data For those Personal Data that is stored in Foodnoms Cloud, you can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data by contacting us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. We will consider all such requests and provide our responses as soon as we can. Please note, however, that Personal Data may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may include circumstances where we need to keep processing your Personal Data for our legitimate interests or to comply with legal obligations. Users located in EEA, Switzerland or UK also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority. For those Personal Data that is stored in your iCloud, please refer to Apple Customer Privacy Policy for information as to how to exercise your GDPR rights. 7. Cross-Border Data Transfers Sharing of information laid out in Section 4 sometimes involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. Algebraic Labs may also subcontract processing to, or share your Personal Data with, third parties located in countries other than your home country. Your Personal Data, therefore, may be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence. If you choose to save your information on our Foodnoms Cloud, we store the Personal Data on servers hosted by Supabase. Like Algebraic Labs, helping to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of customer data is of the utmost importance to Supabase, as is maintaining customer trust and confidence. For more details of Supabase's privacy and security processes, please review their privacy policy here. By using our Services, you consent to your Personal Data being transferred to our servers as set out in this policy. Where our Services allow for users located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or UK, and when we transfer their Personal Data to countries outside of the EEA, Switzerland or UK as processors, we transfer the Personal Data in accordance with applicable privacy laws and, in particular, that appropriate contractual, technical, and organizational measures are in place such as the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission. Standard Contractual Clauses are commitments between companies transferring personal data, binding them to protect the privacy and security of your data. 8. U.S. Privacy Laws—California Consumer Privacy Act If you are located in the United States, this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and disclose your personal information under U.S. state privacy laws to the extent applicable to us. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) In the event that you are a California resident you may have the following rights with regards to personal information stored on our Foodnoms Cloud: Right to Know: You have the right to know what categories and specific pieces of CCPA personal information have been collected about you; the categories of sources from which CCPA personal information are collected; our business or commercial purpose for collecting, using, or disclosing CCPA personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share CCPA personal information; the categories of CCPA personal information we have disclosed about you for a business purpose. Right to Correct: You have a right to request any correction of your CCPA personal information. Right to Delete: You have a right to deletion of your CCPA personal information, subject to exceptions under the CCPA, among them: We cannot verify your request We need your Personal Data to complete your transaction, provide a reasonably anticipated product or service For certain business security practices For certain internal uses that are compatible with reasonable consumer expectations or the context in which the information was provided To comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims No Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of your CCPA rights. How to Make the Request: California customers with an account can exercise their rights directly or through an authorized agent by signing in to their account. If you are a California customer and you or your authorized agent would like to exercise your privacy rights listed above, requests may be made by emailing us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. If you do not have an account with us, we will ask you for information which we consider necessary to verify your identity for security and to prevent fraud. This information may include name, contact information, and information related to your transaction or relationship with Algebraic Labs, but the specific information requested may differ depending on the circumstances of your request for your security and to protect privacy rights. We do not sell or share personal information. We do not disclose Personal Data to third parties for the purpose of engaging in targeted advertising. We will closely monitor the development of the U.S. Privacy Laws that may apply to our future activities and will implement reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures for compliance. For those Personal Data that is stored in your iCloud, please refer to Apple Customer Privacy Policy for information as to how to exercise your CCPA rights. 9. How long does Algebraic Labs retain information collected? We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the Personal Data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate. We retain Personal Data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods: Mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations For preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights Needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records If you have any questions about the security or retention of your Personal Data, you can contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. 10. What is Algebraic Labs's Security Policy? We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, destruction or alteration. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services. All sensitive information is protected behind firewalls and multiple layers of security systems. However, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can ever be 100% secure. 11. How Does Algebraic Labs Respond to "Do Not Track" Signals? "Do Not Track" is a feature enabled on some browsers that sends a signal to request that a web application disable its tracking or cross-site user tracking. At present, Algebraic Labs does not respond to or alter its practices when a Do Not Track signal is received. 12. Your Rights and Your Choices You can request in writing copies of personal information about you held by us. If that information is inaccurate, please let us know and we will endeavor to make the necessary amendments, erase, or block the relevant information as you request. 13. How Will I Be Notified of Changes to Your Privacy Policy? If Algebraic Labs makes material changes to its Privacy Policy, it will notify you by: Changing the Last Updated Date at the top of the Privacy Policy Sending an email to its users Adding a statement to the Site 14. Contact Us If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our Services, or have questions about our practices, please contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com or write us at the following address: Algebraic Labs, LLC570 El Camino Real #150-247Redwood City CA 94063 Last Updated: May 29, 2025 We recognize that your privacy is very important. This privacy policy covers the policies of Algebraic Labs, LLC d/b/a Foodnoms ("Algebraic Labs", "we", "us", or "our") on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information, including any personally identifiable information or other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you ("Personal Data") when you access our website at https://foodnoms.com (the "Site"), our mobile application (the "App"), and other existing and future products and services, owned, operated, controlled or offered by Algebraic Labs (collectively, the "Services"). Each time you use our Services, you consent to the collection, use and storage of the collected information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please read it carefully and contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com if you have any questions. If you want to create an account, as part of the account registration process, we will collect your name, email address and password. If you choose to create an account by utilizing the Apple Sign In feature, we will ask for your name, which you can edit in your Apple account before sharing with us. We will also ask you to provide us with an email address. You can choose to provide us with any of the email addresses associated with your Apple Account, or to hide your email address. If you choose to hide your email address from us, Apple will generate and provide us with a unique email address for us to use to communicate with you. You should review Sign in With Apple's Privacy Policy for more information on their data collection practices. If you sign up for a paid subscription, we will collect your purchase history. As part of our Services, our third-party payment processing service provider, Apple, will collect credit card information from you. Apple's privacy policy can be found here. Through the App, you will be able to create a Food Log by inputting what you eat and/or drink for your meals every day. The App also allows you to create a Library where you can add foods, recipes or meals. Foodnoms AI helps you log and save foods that aren't easily scannable or labeled—like home-cooked meals, restaurant dishes, or recipes. Depending on your subscription, you may be able to input textual descriptions, links or upload an image of your meal to our Foodnoms AI. Our Foodnoms AI will process your textual input, links or image to provide you with a suggested nutritional analysis. We will also use your textual input, links or image to improve our database and identify problems affecting the customer experience, all on an anonymous basis. Through the App, you will be able to log and save foods by searching for similar foods stored in our Foodnoms database. We will also use your search query to improve our database and identify problems affecting the customer experience, all on an anonymous basis. Through the App, you may be able to submit foods to our Foodnoms database. When you submit foods to our Foodnoms database, the foods you submit become accessible to other account users. Through the App, you will be able to create and edit nutrition goals by either utilizing the settings available in the App or customizing your own. We collect your input to allow us to assist you with goal tracking. Through the App, you have the option to enable the App to read and write certain data from/to the Apple Health app on your device ("Apple Health Data"). Such information does not personally identify you, and may include the following: food consumption, nutrient intake, energy burned, height, weight, sex and age. You can choose to disconnect and disable the App from reading from and or writing to Apple Health Data at any time. The information you provide to the Apple Health app is then governed by the Apple Privacy Policy. You may have the option to choose to store your Apple Health Data on your iCloud account, which will be governed by Apple's Terms and Privacy Policy, or on Foodnoms Cloud, which will be governed by our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. When you visit our Site or use our App, we may collect certain information automatically from you, which may include: We may collect your name and email address if you sign up to receive emails, invites and newsletters from us regarding our products and services. You may opt out at any time by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of any Algebraic Labs' marketing email and following the instructions found on the page to which the link takes you. Please allow us a reasonable time to process your request. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to the Services. When you send or respond to emails, messages, chats, or other communications from us, we may collect your email address, name, and any other personal information you choose to include in the body content of your communications. In addition, when you interact with certain features of our Services, we may collect the content of those communications. Cookies are small text files which are transferred to your computer or mobile device when you visit our Site. We use them to remember your preferences, improve your user experience, and help us understand how people are using our Services, so we can make them better. Cookies can be session cookies, which expire once you close your web browser. Cookies can also be persistent cookies, which stay on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them. Algebraic Labs uses the following types of cookies: Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary to allow us to operate our Services as you have requested. For example, they let us recognize what type of user you are, provide security settings (for example, CAPTCHA) and then provide you with services accordingly. Performance Cookies: We may use cookies and other similar technologies to analyze how our Services are accessed, used, or performing. We use this information to maintain, operate, and continually improve our Services. We may also obtain information from our email newsletters or other communications we send to you, including whether you opened or forwarded a newsletter or clicked on any of its content. This information tells us about our newsletters' effectiveness and helps us ensure that we're delivering information that you find interesting. Functional Cookies: These cookies help us remember your preferences and settings to enhance your user experience. Using our Services without cookies is also possible. In your browser, you can deactivate the saving of cookies, limit them to particular websites, or set the browser to notify you when a cookie is sent. You can also delete cookies from your PC hard drive at any time (file: "cookies"). Please note that in this case you will have to expect a limited page presentation and limited user guidance. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. We use the information we collect for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as covered in any agreement that incorporates this Privacy Policy, or as disclosed to you in connection with our Services. For example, we will use your information to: In an ongoing effort to better understand and to serve the users of our Services, we may conduct research on our users' food logs, goals, submissions and search queries input, all on an anonymous basis. This research will be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information does not identify you personally and will not be treated as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy. When we process your information we will only do so where at least one of the following applies: Provide our service to you: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For example, if you create an account, we process your account registration data to provide customized and personalized Services to you. When you input food, recipes and meals into your food log and set your nutrition goals, we perform a nutrition analysis of your food intake and track your progress against the goals you set. When you input a search query into Foodnoms AI, we retrieve food information based on your query. Legitimate interests: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. We analyze aggregated and/or anonymous user activities on our Services to continuously improve our Services and for market research purposes. We remember your preferences to provide enhanced, more personalized features. We process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes. Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time by utilizing the opt-out or toggle-off features available in your account settings, or by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. Legal Compliance: When it is necessary for us to use your information to comply with legal obligations. We do not share, sell or rent to third parties your information except as described in this Privacy Policy. Examples of instances in which we share your information are provided below: We, like many businesses, sometimes engage other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf so that we can focus on our core business. Examples of these services include, but are not limited to product analytics, crash reporting, trial and paid subscription management, search engine provider, server hosting, email sending platform and newsletter publishing. We authorize them to use this Personal Data only in connection with data security and privacy standards. Foodnoms AI - powered by OpenAI: We use OpenAI tools to power our search query analysis in our Foodnoms AI. When you input text, link or image into our Foodnoms AI to log or save foods that are not easily scannable or labeled, we relay the input to OpenAI to perform nutritional analysis. Your input will not be used to train OpenAI models. For more information on how OpenAI processes your input, please review their privacy policy here. We may sell, assign, buy, transfer or otherwise acquire or dispose of certain of our businesses or corporate assets. In the event of such or similar event, Personal Data we collected from you may be part of the transferred assets. We may also share Personal Data with our auditors, attorneys or other advisors in connection with the foregoing corporate transactions. You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquirer of us will continue to have the right to use your Personal Data and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. In an ongoing effort to better understand and to serve the users of our Services, we may conduct research on our users' food logs, goals, submissions and search queries input, all on an anonymous basis. This research will be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information does not identify you personally and will not be treated as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy. We use analytics provider Plausible Analytics of which all the site measurement is carried out anonymously. Cookies are not used and no personal data is collected. For more information about Plausible Analytics' data collection policy, please visit their privacy policy here. We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law (including, without limitation responding to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, court or government agency or other public authorities) or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary: If we intend to use any of your Personal Data collected in any manner that is not specified herein, we will inform you of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which such Personal Data is collected or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection but prior to such use. In short, we will honor the choices you make regarding your Personal Data and will inform you about any other intended uses of such information. Our Services are directed toward a general audience and are not directed at nor intended for use by children. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. If you are located in countries that are within the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), Switzerland or UK, GDPR and its UK and Swiss GDPR counterparts give you rights with respect to your Personal Data that is stored in Foodnoms Cloud, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to: For those Personal Data that is stored in Foodnoms Cloud, you can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data by contacting us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. We will consider all such requests and provide our responses as soon as we can. Please note, however, that Personal Data may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may include circumstances where we need to keep processing your Personal Data for our legitimate interests or to comply with legal obligations. Users located in EEA, Switzerland or UK also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority. For those Personal Data that is stored in your iCloud, please refer to Apple Customer Privacy Policy for information as to how to exercise your GDPR rights. Sharing of information laid out in Section 4 sometimes involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. Algebraic Labs may also subcontract processing to, or share your Personal Data with, third parties located in countries other than your home country. Your Personal Data, therefore, may be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence. If you choose to save your information on our Foodnoms Cloud, we store the Personal Data on servers hosted by Supabase. Like Algebraic Labs, helping to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of customer data is of the utmost importance to Supabase, as is maintaining customer trust and confidence. For more details of Supabase's privacy and security processes, please review their privacy policy here. By using our Services, you consent to your Personal Data being transferred to our servers as set out in this policy. Where our Services allow for users located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or UK, and when we transfer their Personal Data to countries outside of the EEA, Switzerland or UK as processors, we transfer the Personal Data in accordance with applicable privacy laws and, in particular, that appropriate contractual, technical, and organizational measures are in place such as the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission. Standard Contractual Clauses are commitments between companies transferring personal data, binding them to protect the privacy and security of your data. If you are located in the United States, this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and disclose your personal information under U.S. state privacy laws to the extent applicable to us. In the event that you are a California resident you may have the following rights with regards to personal information stored on our Foodnoms Cloud: Right to Know: You have the right to know what categories and specific pieces of CCPA personal information have been collected about you; the categories of sources from which CCPA personal information are collected; our business or commercial purpose for collecting, using, or disclosing CCPA personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share CCPA personal information; the categories of CCPA personal information we have disclosed about you for a business purpose. Right to Correct: You have a right to request any correction of your CCPA personal information. Right to Delete: You have a right to deletion of your CCPA personal information, subject to exceptions under the CCPA, among them: No Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of your CCPA rights. How to Make the Request: California customers with an account can exercise their rights directly or through an authorized agent by signing in to their account. If you are a California customer and you or your authorized agent would like to exercise your privacy rights listed above, requests may be made by emailing us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. If you do not have an account with us, we will ask you for information which we consider necessary to verify your identity for security and to prevent fraud. This information may include name, contact information, and information related to your transaction or relationship with Algebraic Labs, but the specific information requested may differ depending on the circumstances of your request for your security and to protect privacy rights. We do not sell or share personal information. We do not disclose Personal Data to third parties for the purpose of engaging in targeted advertising. We will closely monitor the development of the U.S. Privacy Laws that may apply to our future activities and will implement reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures for compliance. For those Personal Data that is stored in your iCloud, please refer to Apple Customer Privacy Policy for information as to how to exercise your CCPA rights. We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the Personal Data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate. We retain Personal Data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods: If you have any questions about the security or retention of your Personal Data, you can contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com. We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, destruction or alteration. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services. All sensitive information is protected behind firewalls and multiple layers of security systems. However, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can ever be 100% secure. "Do Not Track" is a feature enabled on some browsers that sends a signal to request that a web application disable its tracking or cross-site user tracking. At present, Algebraic Labs does not respond to or alter its practices when a Do Not Track signal is received. You can request in writing copies of personal information about you held by us. If that information is inaccurate, please let us know and we will endeavor to make the necessary amendments, erase, or block the relevant information as you request. If Algebraic Labs makes material changes to its Privacy Policy, it will notify you by: If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our Services, or have questions about our practices, please contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com or write us at the following address: Algebraic Labs, LLC570 El Camino Real #150-247Redwood City CA 94063 Foodnoms A simpler nutrition tracker. Download the app Scan the QR code to download the app from the App Store. © Copyright 2025 Algebraic Labs, LLC. All rights reserved.
