Gentler Stories LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Gentler Streak: Workout Tracker application ('this app'). By using this app, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. We will use Apple's APIs to read and/or write certain data to the Apple Health app on your device (the "Health Data"). Such information may include, for example: We will use your Health Data to show your Activity Cloud, workouts summary, workout details and determine your heart rate zones. We will not use your Health Data for marketing or advertising purposes. Your Health Data will be accessed locally through Apple Health and will not be stored or cached by the app. Your Health Data is processed locally and will not be sent to any server. This app cannot read from or write to Apple Health without your consent. This feature matches photos taken during your workouts with your workout summaries using the photo creation time and date. All processing happens locally on your device. We don't store your photos or metadata. Only the photo creation time and date are saved and stored in your private iCloud, accessible only to you. We will use your Location Data to show you the route map of your workout. We will not use your Location Data for marketing or advertising purposes. Your Location Data will be accessed locally through Apple Health and will not be stored or cached by the App. Your Location Data is processed locally and will not be sent to any server. This app cannot read your Location Data from Apple Health without your consent. The security of your information is important to us, but remember that no method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. We will not change this agreement to allow the collection of your personal information or make other significant changes without your consent. We make no guarantees as to the suitability of this app for the user, or for any of its functionality, product price, accuracy, or usefulness, and will not be held responsible in the event that damage is incurred. We reserve the right to change this app or to stop offering it. This company will not be held responsible if this app is discontinued, changed, or otherwise made unusable and data is damaged or lost as a result, or if the device itself is damaged, or if the device incurred damage due to another app. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. Gentler Stories LLC support@gentlerstories.com © 2021 Gentler Stories LLC Terms of Use Privacy Policy
