HealthFit Your Workout Companion $6.99 · In‑App Purchases Share HealthFit Your Workout Companion $6.99 · In‑App Purchases Share $6.99 · In‑App Purchases 825 Ratings 4.6 Ages 9+ Years Category Health & Fitness Developer Stephane Lizeray Language EN + 4 More Size 78 MB 825 Ratings 4.6 Ages 9+ Years Category Health & Fitness Developer Stephane Lizeray Language EN + 4 More Size 78 MB HealthFit is the go-to for Apple Watch reviewers If you love working out with Apple Watch, but you need more advanced fitness stats, HealthFit is for you. By analyzing the workout data stored in Apple Health, HealthFit provides the kind of indispensable tracking and insights you normally only get from premium subscription services. But if you still prefer to use apps like Strava or Training Peaks, HealthFit has you covered with reliable automated background syncing. ONE FITNESS APP THAT DOES IT ALL HealthFit combines a comprehensive activity feed with insightful fitness statistics and all your essential health metrics in one beautifully designed app. So you don’t need to go hunting around in multiple apps to track your fitness progress. SYNC YOUR WORKOUTS SEAMLESSLY Syncing with platforms like Strava can be a fiddly, laborious process and the results aren’t always great. HealthFit solves this by syncing automatically in the background after every workout. So you don’t have to lift a finger, it just works. It can even sync your entire workout history. With support for more than 25 platforms (see below), HealthFit is fitness hub, keeping all your workout data in sync. WORKOUTS: THE ACTIVITY FEED YOU REALLY NEED Browse your workouts in the Activity Feed, with route maps, photos and essential stats all visible at a glance. Tap on a workout for a treasure trove of essential insights, like customizable Heart Rate Zones, Training Load and Recovery Times. You can even log which bike or shoes you use, to monitor usage and flag when it’s time to replace them. HealthFit finds photos you take during your workouts automatically, bringing your activity feed to life with stunning images you can share on social media. RUNNING POWER ANALYSIS HealthFit provides advanced running power analysis with the automatically estimated critical power, the weighted average power, the power distribution chart by 25W Increments and the mean maximal power chart which shows your best average power for time periods of one second up to the length of your run. MULTISPORT AND INTERVAL WORKOUTS HealthFit is the only app to export multisport workouts as multisession activities STATISTICS: UNCOVER HIDDEN FITNESS INSIGHTS Apple Watch gathers so much fitness data, it can sometimes seem overwhelming. HealthFit mines that data to provide essential charts and summaries that show you exactly how you’re doing, with indispensable insights that will help you to raise your fitness game. Stats are broken down by activity type, with handy Year Comparison charts. You can monitor changes in your Fitness (CTL), Fatigue (ALT), and Form (TSB), Heat Maps reveal where you’ve been training, and your Explorer Score reveals how much you’ve been getting around. HEALTH METRICS: THE STATS THAT MATTER HealthFit provides a curated view of your health metrics focusing on the essential stats every athlete needs to know, whether you’re a serious competitor, a weekend warrior, or just beginning your fitness journey. TAILORED TO YOUR FAVORITE FITNESS ACTIVITIES Unlike most fitness apps, HealthFit doesn't just focus on running and cycling. We treat all activity types equally, presenting your most frequent activity types more prominently, with specially tailored stats and charts. UNBEATABLE ON PRIVACY All your data stays on your iPhone where it belongs. Our app runs on your phone, not in the cloud. We don’t use any trackers to monitor your activity and we never will. SUPPORTED SYNCING PLATFORMS Strava, TrainingPeaks, Final Surge, Selfloop, Smashrun, MapMyFitness, MapMyRun, MapMyBike, Ride with GPS, Cycling Analytics, Today's Plan, Runalyze, Suunto, 2PEAK, Xhale, Komoot, Map My Tracks, Stages Link, TrainAsONE, Tredict, Intervals.icu, Nolio, COROS. Plus export to Google Sheets, FIT and GPX file formats. Terms: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/ more HealthFit is the go-to for Apple Watch reviewers If you love working out with Apple Watch, but you need more advanced fitness stats, HealthFit is for you. By analyzing the workout data stored in Apple Health, HealthFit provides the kind of indispensable tracking and insights you normally only get from premium subscription services. But if you still prefer to use apps like Strava or Training Peaks, HealthFit has you covered with reliable automated background syncing. ONE FITNESS APP THAT DOES IT ALL HealthFit combines a comprehensive activity feed with insightful fitness statistics and all your essential health metrics in one beautifully designed app. So you don’t need to go hunting around in multiple apps to track your fitness progress. SYNC YOUR WORKOUTS SEAMLESSLY Syncing with platforms like Strava can be a fiddly, laborious process and the results aren’t always great. HealthFit solves this by syncing automatically in the background after every workout. So you don’t have to lift a finger, it just works. It can even sync your entire workout history. With support for more than 25 platforms (see below), HealthFit is fitness hub, keeping all your workout data in sync. WORKOUTS: THE ACTIVITY FEED YOU REALLY NEED Browse your workouts in the Activity Feed, with route maps, photos and essential stats all visible at a glance. Tap on a workout for a treasure trove of essential insights, like customizable Heart Rate Zones, Training Load and Recovery Times. You can even log which bike or shoes you use, to monitor usage and flag when it’s time to replace them. HealthFit finds photos you take during your workouts automatically, bringing your activity feed to life with stunning images you can share on social media. RUNNING POWER ANALYSIS HealthFit provides advanced running power analysis with the automatically estimated critical power, the weighted average power, the power distribution chart by 25W Increments and the mean maximal power chart which shows your best average power for time periods of one second up to the length of your run. MULTISPORT AND INTERVAL WORKOUTS HealthFit is the only app to export multisport workouts as multisession activities STATISTICS: UNCOVER HIDDEN FITNESS INSIGHTS Apple Watch gathers so much fitness data, it can sometimes seem overwhelming. HealthFit mines that data to provide essential charts and summaries that show you exactly how you’re doing, with indispensable insights that will help you to raise your fitness game. Stats are broken down by activity type, with handy Year Comparison charts. You can monitor changes in your Fitness (CTL), Fatigue (ALT), and Form (TSB), Heat Maps reveal where you’ve been training, and your Explorer Score reveals how much you’ve been getting around. HEALTH METRICS: THE STATS THAT MATTER HealthFit provides a curated view of your health metrics focusing on the essential stats every athlete needs to know, whether you’re a serious competitor, a weekend warrior, or just beginning your fitness journey. TAILORED TO YOUR FAVORITE FITNESS ACTIVITIES Unlike most fitness apps, HealthFit doesn't just focus on running and cycling. We treat all activity types equally, presenting your most frequent activity types more prominently, with specially tailored stats and charts. UNBEATABLE ON PRIVACY All your data stays on your iPhone where it belongs. Our app runs on your phone, not in the cloud. We don’t use any trackers to monitor your activity and we never will. SUPPORTED SYNCING PLATFORMS Strava, TrainingPeaks, Final Surge, Selfloop, Smashrun, MapMyFitness, MapMyRun, MapMyBike, Ride with GPS, Cycling Analytics, Today's Plan, Runalyze, Suunto, 2PEAK, Xhale, Komoot, Map My Tracks, Stages Link, TrainAsONE, Tredict, Intervals.icu, Nolio, COROS. Plus export to Google Sheets, FIT and GPX file formats. Terms: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/ more Ratings & Reviews 4.6 out of 5 825 Ratings 4.6 out of 5 825 Ratings User-friendly app and responsive support 09/30/2018 forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! User-friendly app and responsive support 09/30/2018 forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! Easy to use and responsive customer service 12/15/2017 McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). Easy to use and responsive customer service 12/15/2017 McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). Awesome!! 02/26/2023 _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Developer Response Thanks a lot for this nice review and for being a HealthFit supporter. Awesome!! 02/26/2023 _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Developer Response 02/27/2023 Thanks a lot for this nice review and for being a HealthFit supporter. Best Fitness Data Utility 06/19/2023 matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. Best Fitness Data Utility 06/19/2023 matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. User-friendly app and responsive support 09/30/2018 forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! User-friendly app and responsive support 09/30/2018 forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! Easy to use and responsive customer service 12/15/2017 McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). Easy to use and responsive customer service 12/15/2017 McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). Awesome!! 02/26/2023 _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Developer Response Thanks a lot for this nice review and for being a HealthFit supporter. Awesome!! 02/26/2023 _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Developer Response 02/27/2023 Thanks a lot for this nice review and for being a HealthFit supporter. Best Fitness Data Utility 06/19/2023 matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. Best Fitness Data Utility 06/19/2023 matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. User-friendly app and responsive support 09/30/2018 forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! 09/30/2018 forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! forbearer The app was very easy to set up: A couple minutes after download to configure what data I wanted sync’d, and I was off and swimming/running. I actually spent most of my time remembering my logins for the data syncs like Strava, SmashRun, and Dropbox. :-)For me, the key feature this app enabled was pulling activity data off my AppleWatch+iPhone into a storage sync of my choice. Without it, I had to get multiple activity apps for the variety of workouts I do (e.g., Strava doesn’t track swimming). HealthFit simplifies things for me in the background, with very prompt synchronizations (feels like seconds between when I wake up my phone, to when I get notified of sync completion).When the start time of my activities uploaded to Strava didn’t look right, and I reached out to support, Stèphane was very responsive and helpful in chasing down the cause, which turned to be Strava not using time zone information. Stèphane even went out of her way to share potential solutions Strava-side. This demonstrated the developer’s dedication and passion for the success of this app! Easy to use and responsive customer service 12/15/2017 McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). 12/15/2017 McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). McKdaddy2 I’ve enjoyed working out utilizing a couple of Garmin devices for about 4 years. My wife got me an Apple Watch 3 recently, which I’ve enjoyed, but was disappointed that I couldn’t see my workout data on Garmin Connect (GC) as it would not sync over automatically from my AW3 to GC. So I found myself using the Garmin devices for working out and the AW3 for the rest of my day.....not really utilizing the AW3 as much as I’d like. I read a review of HealthFit online and how it can aid in transferring files to GC in an easy manner. I reached out to the developer of HealthFit as to how I would move AW3 workouts to GC. First, she responded back soooo quickly, even though I told her in my initial message that would not be necessary. Second, she provided step-by-step, easy to follow instructions, going so far as to include some pictures to help with the instructions! So helpful! I’m a fan!This app now has me using my AW3 to its fullest potential (or at least as I want to fully use it). Awesome!! 02/26/2023 _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Developer Response Thanks a lot for this nice review and for being a HealthFit supporter. _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Thanks a lot for this nice review and for being a HealthFit supporter. 02/26/2023 _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Developer Response 02/27/2023 Thanks a lot for this nice review and for being a HealthFit supporter. _ChuckG_ I’m currently a fairly basic user and have used this app for nearly 3 years mostly to export my data to other places, but I’ve slowly realized this does everything I want in one place. A couple things I really like, among many, are gear tracking, being able to assign default gear to activities and the historical presentation of my data. I also appreciate the app privacy. The developer has done great work with this and continues to make it better. I’ve always thought it was worth way more than the meager purchase price, so now that it’s offered, I’ve become a Fanatical Supporter to show my appreciation and help keep this great app going. As I’ve now looked at this app closer, it really is a one-stop-shop that pulls all of my health data together to help me focus on my health/fitness and in my opinion it’s well worth the price. Best Fitness Data Utility 06/19/2023 matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. 06/19/2023 matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. matthewcmead HealthFit is the best fitness data utility I’ve found. It is routinely improved (instead of just changed around as is the case with many other apps). It offers a lot of options for integrating data from numerous platforms I’ve used over the years to retain a complete picture of my fitness data. I greatly appreciate that it can push all that data to common cloud or local storage options so I am in control of it instead of some corporation that will lose interest or begin charging me monthly to retain it.I bet many would love to see a CSV import to fit files in the future, though I’ve at this point used the Fit SDK to convert all my old logs to generic fit files and import them.Kudos to the developer on a simple, useful, and compact app that does nearly all that’s needed. What’s New Version History • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.6 Oct 21 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.5 Oct 15 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.4 Oct 5 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.3 Sep 27 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.2 Sep 23 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.1 Sep 18 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7 Sep 15 • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6.3 Jun 14 • Improves detailed view of goals • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6.2 May 19 • Improve the Fitness chart. It shows the range to keep your training load in the sweet spot. • Redesign the small Fitness widget. • Add export of the summaries of the selected workouts under the Workouts tab • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6.1 May 8 • Improve the Fitness chart. It shows the range to keep your training load in the sweet spot. • Redesign the small Fitness widget. • Add export of the summaries of the selected workouts under the Workouts tab • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6 May 4 • Training Load Focus. It breaks down your training load into 3 categories (anaerobic, high aerobic, low aerobic) and helps you understand whether you're training in a balanced way. It provides 2 new charts in the Fitness screen and 2 new widgets. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.5 Apr 22 • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.4.1 Mar 27 • More realistic scale for elevation profile charts • Grade Adjusted Pace for outdoor running • Estimated VO2 max for cycling, requires a power meter • Maximum heart rate drop during a workout • You may need to reorder the sections in the detailed view of the workouts, if you use a custom order for the sections. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.4 Mar 18 • 2 new charts for cycling workouts: intensity factor and variability index. This requires a power meter. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.3.1 Mar 6 • Cycling stress score, this requires a power meter. It is a way of measuring how much stress is put on the body from a ride. • Custom FTP settings • Workout editor: use the latest pace and speed alert values ​​as default • Show estimated effort score in addition to perceived exertion score • Distance goals for indoor rowing workout • Export workouts to CSV file • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.3 Mar 3 • Workout Plan: For pacer workout, you can choose the pace and the duration will be derived. • Integration with Apple Fitness+ (requires iOS 18.2) • Integration with 3 new platforms: Xert, AI Endurance and Rowsandall • New chart for lap swimming workouts with at least 2 different swimming styles. • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.2.1 Jan 24 • Workout Plan: For pacer workout, you can choose the pace and the duration will be derived. • Integration with Apple Fitness+ (requires iOS 18.2) • Integration with 3 new platforms: Xert, AI Endurance and Rowsandall • New chart for lap swimming workouts with at least 2 different swimming styles. • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.2 Jan 21 • You can now duplicate, export and import workout plans • You will need to reschedule your workout plans. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.1.1 12/12/2024 • You can now duplicate, export and import workout plans • You will need to reschedule your workout plans. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.1 12/09/2024 • With this major update, we are introducing a workout planner. You can create structured workouts and schedule them on the Apple Watch. Scheduled workouts are in a dedicated space at the top of the Apple Workout app and you can immediately start the scheduled workout. This is a fanatic supporter feature. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.0 11/25/2024 • For cycling workouts, HealthFit calculates average cadence with no zero values ​​for cadence data that occurs when you are not pedaling. • Fixes sharing workouts with your friends (you will see your profile after inviting a friend or accepting a first invitation). • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.6 10/10/2024 • The iOS Calendar is now like any fitness platform, that is you can export your workouts automatically and all your history of workouts to it. • The Effort Score Distribution chart has been improved, you can select the time period to visualize • For cycling workouts, HealthFit computes the average power without zero values for power data that occur when you are not pedaling. • When exporting custom workouts, the name of the workout plan is added at the end of the title of the workout • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.5 10/03/2024 • New Effort Score Distribution Chart • Fix iPad issues • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.4 09/28/2024 • HealthFit can now be launched from Control Center or Action button. • Dark and tinted icons • Tinted Widgets • Improved GPS accuracy chart • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.3 09/24/2024 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. more Version 12.7.6 Oct 21 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.6 Oct 21 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.5 Oct 15 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.4 Oct 5 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.3 Sep 27 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.2 Sep 23 • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7.1 Sep 18 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.7 Sep 15 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6.3 Jun 14 • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Improves detailed view of goals • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6.2 May 19 • Improves detailed view of goals • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Improve the Fitness chart. It shows the range to keep your training load in the sweet spot. • Redesign the small Fitness widget. • Add export of the summaries of the selected workouts under the Workouts tab • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6.1 May 8 • Improve the Fitness chart. It shows the range to keep your training load in the sweet spot. • Redesign the small Fitness widget. • Add export of the summaries of the selected workouts under the Workouts tab • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Improve the Fitness chart. It shows the range to keep your training load in the sweet spot. • Redesign the small Fitness widget. • Add export of the summaries of the selected workouts under the Workouts tab • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.6 May 4 • Improve the Fitness chart. It shows the range to keep your training load in the sweet spot. • Redesign the small Fitness widget. • Add export of the summaries of the selected workouts under the Workouts tab • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Training Load Focus. It breaks down your training load into 3 categories (anaerobic, high aerobic, low aerobic) and helps you understand whether you're training in a balanced way. It provides 2 new charts in the Fitness screen and 2 new widgets. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.5 Apr 22 • Training Load Focus. It breaks down your training load into 3 categories (anaerobic, high aerobic, low aerobic) and helps you understand whether you're training in a balanced way. It provides 2 new charts in the Fitness screen and 2 new widgets. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.4.1 Mar 27 • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • More realistic scale for elevation profile charts • Grade Adjusted Pace for outdoor running • Estimated VO2 max for cycling, requires a power meter • Maximum heart rate drop during a workout • You may need to reorder the sections in the detailed view of the workouts, if you use a custom order for the sections. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.4 Mar 18 • More realistic scale for elevation profile charts • Grade Adjusted Pace for outdoor running • Estimated VO2 max for cycling, requires a power meter • Maximum heart rate drop during a workout • You may need to reorder the sections in the detailed view of the workouts, if you use a custom order for the sections. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • 2 new charts for cycling workouts: intensity factor and variability index. This requires a power meter. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.3.1 Mar 6 • 2 new charts for cycling workouts: intensity factor and variability index. This requires a power meter. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Cycling stress score, this requires a power meter. It is a way of measuring how much stress is put on the body from a ride. • Custom FTP settings • Workout editor: use the latest pace and speed alert values ​​as default • Show estimated effort score in addition to perceived exertion score • Distance goals for indoor rowing workout • Export workouts to CSV file • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.3 Mar 3 • Cycling stress score, this requires a power meter. It is a way of measuring how much stress is put on the body from a ride. • Custom FTP settings • Workout editor: use the latest pace and speed alert values ​​as default • Show estimated effort score in addition to perceived exertion score • Distance goals for indoor rowing workout • Export workouts to CSV file • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Workout Plan: For pacer workout, you can choose the pace and the duration will be derived. • Integration with Apple Fitness+ (requires iOS 18.2) • Integration with 3 new platforms: Xert, AI Endurance and Rowsandall • New chart for lap swimming workouts with at least 2 different swimming styles. • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.2.1 Jan 24 • Workout Plan: For pacer workout, you can choose the pace and the duration will be derived. • Integration with Apple Fitness+ (requires iOS 18.2) • Integration with 3 new platforms: Xert, AI Endurance and Rowsandall • New chart for lap swimming workouts with at least 2 different swimming styles. • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Workout Plan: For pacer workout, you can choose the pace and the duration will be derived. • Integration with Apple Fitness+ (requires iOS 18.2) • Integration with 3 new platforms: Xert, AI Endurance and Rowsandall • New chart for lap swimming workouts with at least 2 different swimming styles. • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.2 Jan 21 • Workout Plan: For pacer workout, you can choose the pace and the duration will be derived. • Integration with Apple Fitness+ (requires iOS 18.2) • Integration with 3 new platforms: Xert, AI Endurance and Rowsandall • New chart for lap swimming workouts with at least 2 different swimming styles. • This update will require to rebuild the local cache • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • You can now duplicate, export and import workout plans • You will need to reschedule your workout plans. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.1.1 12/12/2024 • You can now duplicate, export and import workout plans • You will need to reschedule your workout plans. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • You can now duplicate, export and import workout plans • You will need to reschedule your workout plans. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.1 12/09/2024 • You can now duplicate, export and import workout plans • You will need to reschedule your workout plans. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • With this major update, we are introducing a workout planner. You can create structured workouts and schedule them on the Apple Watch. Scheduled workouts are in a dedicated space at the top of the Apple Workout app and you can immediately start the scheduled workout. This is a fanatic supporter feature. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 12.0 11/25/2024 • With this major update, we are introducing a workout planner. You can create structured workouts and schedule them on the Apple Watch. Scheduled workouts are in a dedicated space at the top of the Apple Workout app and you can immediately start the scheduled workout. This is a fanatic supporter feature. • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • For cycling workouts, HealthFit calculates average cadence with no zero values ​​for cadence data that occurs when you are not pedaling. • Fixes sharing workouts with your friends (you will see your profile after inviting a friend or accepting a first invitation). • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.6 10/10/2024 • For cycling workouts, HealthFit calculates average cadence with no zero values ​​for cadence data that occurs when you are not pedaling. • Fixes sharing workouts with your friends (you will see your profile after inviting a friend or accepting a first invitation). • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • The iOS Calendar is now like any fitness platform, that is you can export your workouts automatically and all your history of workouts to it. • The Effort Score Distribution chart has been improved, you can select the time period to visualize • For cycling workouts, HealthFit computes the average power without zero values for power data that occur when you are not pedaling. • When exporting custom workouts, the name of the workout plan is added at the end of the title of the workout • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.5 10/03/2024 • The iOS Calendar is now like any fitness platform, that is you can export your workouts automatically and all your history of workouts to it. • The Effort Score Distribution chart has been improved, you can select the time period to visualize • For cycling workouts, HealthFit computes the average power without zero values for power data that occur when you are not pedaling. • When exporting custom workouts, the name of the workout plan is added at the end of the title of the workout • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • New Effort Score Distribution Chart • Fix iPad issues • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.4 09/28/2024 • New Effort Score Distribution Chart • Fix iPad issues • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • HealthFit can now be launched from Control Center or Action button. • Dark and tinted icons • Tinted Widgets • Improved GPS accuracy chart • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. 11.14.3 09/24/2024 • HealthFit can now be launched from Control Center or Action button. • Dark and tinted icons • Tinted Widgets • Improved GPS accuracy chart • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. • Fitness & Fatigue — track how your training load shapes your long-term Fitness (CTL) and short-term Fatigue (ATL). • AI Coach settings — you’re in control. Keep your coach active for daily insights, or pause it anytime. - version 12.7 • AI Coaching with 6 distinct personas to match your training style (requires a device that supports Apple Intelligence). • Sleek new Liquid Glass design for a fluid, modern experience. • Google Sheets export has been greatly improved — now includes all workout stats and all supported health metrics. • Better Instagram Stories export for sharing your progress. • Enhanced workouts heat map with a GitHub-inspired design to visualize your training streaks. • Import planned workouts from Intervals.icu to sync your training plans. (Sign out and sign back in to Intervals.icu to activate this feature.) • Bug fixes Thanks for using HealthFit. To make our app better, we bring updates to the App Store regularly. Feedback is always welcome. Feel free to message us inside the app, or email healthfit@altifondo.com with any issues or suggestions. more Version 12.7.6 Oct 21 App Privacy App Privacy The developer, Stephane Lizeray, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. This information has not been verified by Apple. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy . To help you better understand the developer’s responses, see Privacy Definitions and Examples . Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Data Not Collected The developer does not collect any data from this app. The developer, Stephane Lizeray, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy . The developer, Stephane Lizeray, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. This information has not been verified by Apple. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy . To help you better understand the developer’s responses, see Privacy Definitions and Examples . Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Data Not Collected The developer does not collect any data from this app. The developer does not collect any data from this app. The developer, Stephane Lizeray, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy . Data Not Collected The developer does not collect any data from this app. Data Not Collected The developer does not collect any data from this app. The developer does not collect any data from this app. Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Accessibility Accessibility The developer, Stephane Lizeray, indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features to help make common tasks in the app faster and easier to complete. Learn More Larger Text Increase the text size in the app to 200% or more. Dark Interface Apply a dark color scheme to the screens, menus, and controls to reduce eye strain. The developer indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features. Learn More The developer, Stephane Lizeray, indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features to help make common tasks in the app faster and easier to complete. Learn More Larger Text Increase the text size in the app to 200% or more. Dark Interface Apply a dark color scheme to the screens, menus, and controls to reduce eye strain. The developer indicated that this app supports the following accessibility features. Learn More Supported Features Larger Text Dark Interface Supported Features Larger Text Dark Interface Information Seller Stephane Lizeray Size 78 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility Requires iOS 26.0 or later. iPhoneRequires iOS 26.0 or later. iPadRequires iPadOS 26.0 or later. Apple VisionRequires visionOS 26.0 or later. Languages English and 4 more English, French, German, Italian, Spanish Age Rating 9+ 9+ Learn More ContainsHealth or Wellness Topics In-App Purchases Yes Fanatical Supporter $9.99 Awesome Supporter $4.99 Learn More Copyright © 2018 Stéphane Lizeray Developer Website Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing Some in-app purchases and subscriptions may be shareable with your family group when Family Sharing is enabled. Learn More Family Sharing Some in-app purchases and subscriptions may be shareable with your family group when Family Sharing is enabled. Learn More Some in-app purchases and subscriptions may be shareable with your family group when Family Sharing is enabled. Learn More You Might Also Like RunGap - Workout Data Manager 40 fitness services in one app View Training Today Are you ready? View Tempo: Run Log & Insights One app for all your run stats View Final Surge Running, Cycling & Triathlon View Athlytic: AI Fitness Coach HRV Based Training & Recovery View Health Auto Export - JSON+CSV Export Health & Workout data View Intervals.icu Companion Companion for intervals.icu View Sonar - Health & Performance Fitness, Sleep & Recovery View Eclipse Yourself: Health Watch Fitness, Sleep & HRV Tracker View Watchletic - Run tracker Structured interval workouts View RunGap - Workout Data Manager 40 fitness services in one app View Training Today Are you ready? View Tempo: Run Log & Insights One app for all your run stats View Final Surge Running, Cycling & Triathlon View Athlytic: AI Fitness Coach HRV Based Training & Recovery View Health Auto Export - JSON+CSV Export Health & Workout data View Intervals.icu Companion Companion for intervals.icu View Sonar - Health & Performance Fitness, Sleep & Recovery View Eclipse Yourself: Health Watch Fitness, Sleep & HRV Tracker View Watchletic - Run tracker Structured interval workouts View 40 fitness services in one app Are you ready? One app for all your run stats Running, Cycling & Triathlon HRV Based Training & Recovery Export Health & Workout data Companion for intervals.icu Fitness, Sleep & Recovery Fitness, Sleep & HRV Tracker Structured interval workouts United States Español (México) العربية Русский 简体中文 Français (France) 한국어 Português (Brazil) Tiếng Việt 繁體中文 (台灣) Select a country or region Africa, Middle East, and India See All Algeria Angola Armenia Azerbaijan Bahrain Benin Botswana Brunei Darussalam Burkina Faso Cameroun Cape Verde Chad Côte d’Ivoire Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The Egypt Eswatini Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea-Bissau India Iraq Israel Jordan Kenya Kuwait Lebanon Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger (English) Nigeria Oman Qatar Congo, Republic of Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone South Africa Sri Lanka Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Tunisia Turkmenistan United Arab Emirates Uganda Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Asia Pacific See All Afghanistan Australia Bhutan Cambodia 中国大陆 Fiji 香港 Indonesia (English) 日本 Kazakhstan 대한민국 Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic 澳門 Malaysia (English) Maldives Micronesia, Federated States of Mongolia Myanmar Nauru Nepal New Zealand Pakistan Palau Papua New Guinea Philippines Singapore Solomon Islands 台灣 Thailand Tonga Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Europe See All Albania Armenia Österreich Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark Estonia Finland France (Français) Georgia Deutschland Greece Hungary Iceland Ireland Italia Kosovo Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg (English) Malta Moldova, Republic Of Montenegro Nederland North Macedonia Norway Poland Portugal (Português) Romania Россия Serbia Slovakia Slovenia España Sverige Schweiz Türkiye (English) Ukraine United Kingdom Latin America and the Caribbean See All Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina (Español) Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda Bolivia (Español) Brasil Virgin Islands, British Cayman Islands Chile (Español) Colombia (Español) Costa Rica (Español) Dominica República Dominicana Ecuador (Español) El Salvador (Español) Grenada Guatemala (Español) Guyana Honduras (Español) Jamaica México Montserrat Nicaragua (Español) Panamá Paraguay (Español) Perú St. Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Vincent and The Grenadines Suriname Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos Uruguay (English) Venezuela (Español) The United States and Canada See All Canada (English) Canada (Français) United States Estados Unidos (Español México) الولايات المتحدة США 美国 (简体中文) États-Unis (Français France) 미국 Estados Unidos (Português Brasil) Hoa Kỳ 美國 (繁體中文台灣) Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Internet Service Terms App Store & Privacy Cookie Warning Support Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
