Effective date: August 21, 2024 This Privacy Policy governs Your (“You” or “Your“) use of any software application (the “Applications“) and/or website located at https://healthiapp.com (the “Website“) provided by Sunshine Health Studios Inc (hereinafter, “Healthi“). This privacy statement describes how Healthi collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Website and Applications and does not apply to any websites or applications that are owned or operated by third parties (“Third-Party Websites/Applications“), which may have data collection, storage and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy. For additional information, see the section concerning Third-Party Websites/Applications, below.BY USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATIONS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF, THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR PROCESSING OF USER PROVIDED AND AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION AS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT USE THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION. a) Traffic Data and Location Services When users download, install and use the Applications on their mobile device, Healthi automatically collects and makes use of location-based data. Location-based data includes, without limitation: IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, device type, domain servers, and other anonymous information that does not personally identify you. If you allow these services, we will collect information about the Wi-Fi routers closest to you and the cell IDs of the towers closest to you. We use this information to provide the requested location-based service, not to identify you. You will be asked for your permission each time a location-based service is requested.b) Personal Information Healthi collects the following personal information which includes, without limitation: (1) Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, friends, and contacts. (2) Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password. (3) Preferences Information you provide such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences. (4) Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited. (5) Health or Fitness Information such your caloric intake, nutritional statistics, fitness activity, weight loss/gain, years smoked, cigarette intake. (6) Device Information.c) Demographic Data Healthi also collects the following demographic information from you which includes, without limitation: (1) household income, age, education, gender, interests, zip code, postal code, birthday, country, height, weight, lifestyle, exercise frequency, smoking habits, interests, information about your mobile device id(similar to a website IP address), device type, and mobile service carrier.d) Third Party Services and Social Networks Healthi allows you to create a profile and account using your login/ID from a Third Party service like Facebook. Healthi will use your login/ID to access and gather information that Your privacy settings on that Third Party Service permits Healthi to access so that Healthi can create your profile and account. Healthi may also purchase marketing data about our customers from third parties and combine it with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.e) Information You Make Public Specific areas of the Website and Applications are available to any viewer, such as our community forums and Your personal profile. Healthi cannot control the actions of others with whom you may chose to share your pages and information. Also Healthi cannot guarantee that the content you post on our Website and Applications will not be viewed by others outside your network. In addition, the Website contains features that permit You to upload, post, transmit, display, perform or distribute content, information or other data, including Your Personal Information. Any information that You choose to disclose by means of such features becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose Your Personal Information by means of such features, and You agree to assume all responsibility for doing so.f) If using Android Health Connect: The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect Permissions policy, including the Limited Use requirements.g) Opt-Out You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each newsletter or marketing email or you can contact us at privacy@healthiapp.com. Traffic and Location-Based Data Healthi uses Mobile Device Data to understand usage patterns and to improve the Applications. We use the location-based data to provide you with content, local search results, special offers and ultimately improve your experience by serving you more relevant and interesting information. Healthi also uses your location-based data to: send you requested product or service information, send you push notifications, send you newsletters, send you marketing communications, respond to your questions/concerns, display content based upon your interests, administer your account, conduct research and analysis, improve our Applications and marketing efforts, and facilitate your interactions with other users. Location services and Push Notifications can be enabled or disabled at anytime, through the mobile device settings or you can contact us at privacy@healthiapp.com.a) Personal Information Healthi uses your personal information to send you correspondence about Healthi and Healthi’ products and services as well as to contact you regarding your association with the Website and/or Applications.b) Demographic Data Healthi uses your Demographic Information to personalize your experience with the Website and/or Applications.c) Health and Fitness Data Healthi uses your Health and Fitness Data to customize your experience with the Website and/or Applications. Healthi may also use your Fitness Data in anonymous form to improve your experience and serve you more relevant and tailored information, but not be used for any other purpose, including transfer to advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellersd) Your messages (inputs and outputs) with the Healthi AI are not collected and are not visible to other users and are not collected nor used to improve third-party services that are used in the Healthi AI tool, including OpenAI, Microsoft, and Azure. a) Your Information Healthi will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These third parties are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.b) Personal Information Healthi may disclose your personal information: (1) as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process. (2) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. (3) if Healthi is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. (4) to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.c) Demographic Information Healthi may share your Demographic Information with third parties in anonymous form. Healthi shares your Demographic Information with its advertisers, and marketing partners so that such third parties may provide you with advertisements that are relevant to your interests. To opt-out of sharing your Demographic Information in anonymous form with our advertising and marketing partners you can contact us at privacy@Healthiapp.com.d) Fitness and Health Data Healthi may share Your Fitness and/or Health Data in an anonymous form, to provide or improve our apps, website, and services and will not be used for any other purpose, including transfer to advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellerse) Third Party Healthi may make your personal information available to other companies so that they can market their products or services to you. If you do not want us to make your personal information available to these companies, contact us at privacy@Healthiapp.com. Healthi may also make your contact information available to other users involved in the sale or purchase of items listed on this site to complete the sale transaction. Healthi partners with third party ad networks to either display advertising on our App or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partners use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. Healthi follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at privacy@Healthiapp.com. In order to make a purchase from us, you must use our third party checkout options to finalize and pay for your order. Its privacy statement and security practices will also apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@Healthi.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. a) Information You Make Public Healthi’ Website and/or Applications offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@Healthiapp.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so.b) Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at privacy@Healthiapp.com.c) Notification of Privacy Policy Changes Healthi may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes they will be posted on the Website and/or Applications and will indicate the effective date of such changes. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here https://healthiapp.com/ privacy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. You may also be notified via email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by other means. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. You will be deemed to have agreed to any modifications or updates by Your decision to continue using the Website and/or Applications after the effective date indicated on the Privacy Policy. Use of any information Healthi collects now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is used.d) Children’s Privacy Healthi do not use the Website and/or Applications to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@Healthiapp.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.e) Third Party Websites/Applications The Website and Applications contains links to third party websites and applications. Healthi is not responsible for the security, privacy, and policies of any third party websites and/or applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party website and/or application with the exception of Personal Information provided directly to them by Healthi. It is your responsibility to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and security practices (if any) of any third party website before visiting, using, or providing personal information to such third party websites and/or applications.f) International Users If you are located outside of the United States of America and choose to provide Healthi with your personal information, Your information will be transferred and processed to the United States of America (or any other country where Healthi operates). Effective date: August 21, 2024
