Last updated: December 9, 2022 This document is meant to help you understand what information we collect with Intent and how we use it. Throughout this document, when we refer to Intent, we’re referring to our mobile application that helps you meal plan and build healthy habits, created by our company, Excipient, Inc. If you read nothing else, please read this: There are a few types of information we collect. Some of it is identifiable and some is non-identifying or aggregated. Here are the types: We use this information for the following: We will retain your personal data for as long as you maintain an account with Intent. We will also retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If we no longer need to retain your personal data for the above purposes, then we will delete your data from our systems. Where permissible, we will comply with individual requests regarding data access, correction, and/or deletion. You may delete your Intent account directly from app settings, or by contacting us at contact@intentapp.com. Upon a deletion request, we permanently and irreversibly delete your personal data from our systems. There are specific situations when we may share user information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, health and fitness data gathered from Apple Health will only be used for providing health, motion, and fitness services in connection with the Intent app. For example, data from Apple Health may be used to help you review and track your nutrition, exercise, and body weight within Intent, as well as to further optimize the meal plans we build for you. We will not disclose or provide information obtained from Apple Health to any third party without your prior express consent, and then only for the purpose of providing health, motion, and fitness services in connection with the Intent app. Apple Health data will not be used for marketing, advertising, or use-based data mining, including by third parties. Intent uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Intent. Using unsecured wifi or unprotected networks is not recommended. If Intent learns of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so you can take appropriate protective steps. Intent is not meant for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that a minor child has provided information without your consent, please contact us at contact@intentapp.com. If we learn that a child has provided information without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you use Intent while in Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or the European Economic Area (EEA), you have a number of rights, including: In order to exercise any of these rights, please email us at contact@intentapp.com. We may require proof of your identity before responding to any request. When we process your personal data, we only do so under the following legal bases: You have the right to file a complaint regarding our data protection practices with a supervisory authority. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. If you are a California resident, you have a number of rights, including: In order to exercise any of these rights, please email us at contact@intentapp.com. We may require proof of your identity before responding to any request. We do not and will not sell your personal information to any third party for any purpose. You are the only owner of your personal information and can request disclosure or deletion at any time. In the event that Excipient Inc. is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Intent users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or change in control. In the (hopefully unlikely!) event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your information is treated, transferred, or used. We may change this policy from time to time. If you continue to use Intent after any changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy. If the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice or seek your consent to the new policy. If you have any questions about Intent’s Privacy Policy or practices, please feel free to contact us at contact@intentapp.com.
