Click here for our Privacy Policy in Spanish.

Click here for our Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice.

This Privacy Policy applies to K Health, Inc. and the personal information we collect, use, and disclose in connection with your use of our Services (as defined below) and other business interactions you have with us.  Once you create an account to become a patient, use the  K Pharmacy services or otherwise use the services of any other member of our Organized Health Care Arrangement (“OHCA”), all personal information you provide to us through your account while using the Services is subject to the OHCA’s joint HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices.

If you are a United States resident, please click here for more information.

At K Health Inc. (“K,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), we want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose personal information.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with personal information that we collect through our “Services,” which, together, include:

Contact Us:  If anything in our privacy policy is unclear or if you have any questions, please email us at [email protected].

Reproductive Health and Law Enforcement:

K Health supports access to reproductive health care services. K Health follows, to the extent applicable, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services – Office for Civil Rights’ guidance applicable to disclosures of personal information relating to reproductive health care and will not disclose this information to state officials or law enforcement unless (i) we are compelled to do so by law, (ii) the request is enforceable under law, and (iii) we limit the disclosure to the minimum necessary to comply with law.

1) Types of Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect Personal Information

The categories of personal information we collect depends on how you interact with us and our Services.  For example, you may provide us your personal information directly when you visit our Site, register for an account, download our App, or otherwise contact us or interact with us.

We also collect personal information automatically when you interact with our Platform and other services and we may collect personal information from other sources and third parties.

Personal Information Provided by You

We may collect the following categories of personal information that you provide us:

If you choose to contact us, we may need additional information to fulfill the request or respond to your inquiry. We may provide additional privacy disclosures where the scope of the request we receive or personal information we require fall outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.  In that case, the additional privacy disclosures will govern how we may process the information you provide at that time.

Personal Information Automatically Collected

We, and third parties, may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your device, browsing actions, and patterns.  We, and third parties, typically collect this information through the use of a variety of our own and our third-party partners’ automatic data collection technologies, including (i) cookies and (ii) other similar technologies, such as pixels, SDKs, APIs, location-identifying technologies, and logging technologies, in each case, for our or our third-party partners’ purposes.  Information collected automatically about you may be combined with other personal information collected directly from you or received from other sources.

The following types of information may be automatically collected by us and third parties:

Personal Information from Other Sources

We may receive from other sources the same categories of personal information as described above:

2) How We Use the Personal Information We Collect

We and our service providers use your personal information for the following purposes

3) When and With Whom We Share Your Personal Information

We may share your personal information with third parties, including electronically, as follows:

We may also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, in particular when we have a legal obligation to do so:

4) Your Choices Regarding Personal Information

Your Communication Preferences

The following are your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information:

Your Targeted Advertising Preferences

Further, note that restricting the use of these technologies might negatively impact an individual’s experience using the Services, as some features or offerings may be less personalized or may not work as otherwise intended. Depending on an individual’s device and operating system, the individual may not be able to delete or block all cookies or other tracking technologies described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, if an individual wants to reject cookies across all browsers and devices, the individual will need to do so on each browser and device they use. You may also have options within your email client to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain actions with respect to such emails (e.g., URL clickthroughs).

5) Third-Party Services, Including Payment Service

This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which our Services link.  The inclusion of a link on our Services does not imply our endorsement of the linked site or service.

In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our Platform.

Our Services provide functionality allowing you to make payments using third-party payment services with which you have created your own account.  When you use such a service to make a payment to us, your personal information will be collected by such third party, not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy.  We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.

6. Retention

We will keep your personal information for as long as your user account is active, in order to allow you to have access to your personal information and to provide you with our services.

We may continue to retain your personal information even after you deactivate your user account or stop using the Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our users, enforce our agreements, or protect our legitimate interests, consistent with applicable law.

7) Security

We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section above.

8) Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is current as of the “Last Updated” date set forth above. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Site and App.

For residents covered under the State Privacy Laws, this U.S. State Privacy Notice supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy by providing additional information under such laws.  The term “State Privacy Laws” means, as applicable, the U.S. state privacy laws that govern the processing of consumers’ personal information generally (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Colorado Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act), as opposed to sector-specific laws (e.g., HIPAA). 

For clarity, this U.S. State Privacy Notice also does not apply to protected health information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”).  Once you create an account to become a patient, use the  K Pharmacy services or otherwise use the services of any other member of our Organized Health Care Arrangement (“OHCA”), all personal information you provide to us through your account while using the Services is subject to the OHCA’s joint HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices.

Depending on your state of residency, you may exercise the following rights under the State Privacy Laws in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected about you (subject to certain limitations under such laws, such as exceptions in the State Privacy Laws or the inability to verify your identity):

To submit a request to exercise your right to access, deletion, or correction please email [email protected].  You may also call us at 888-564-5250 for assistance on exercising rights requests (where State Privacy Laws require that we provide another means for such assistance).

To exercise your right to opt-out of “sales,” “shares,” and “targeted advertising,” please click our Your Privacy Choices link (found in the Site footer) and follow the instructions therein.  You may also visit our Site with the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal enabled to opt-out of “sales/shares/targeted advertising” (learn more about GPC at www.globalprivacycontrol.org).  The “sale/share/targeted advertising” opt-out is on a per-website basis and applies at the browser level for the device you use to opt out.

Unless otherwise prohibited by the State Privacy Laws, we may need to verify your identity and confirm your residency before processing your request.  In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems.  This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone number, or date of last transaction on our Services.

In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your personal information in our systems.  If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response.

You have the right to not receive “discriminatory” treatment for exercising the rights discussed in the table above.  However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.

Further, under certain State Privacy Laws, you may appeal our decision to not take action on your rights request.  All appeals should be submitted by emailing [email protected] along with a copy of the decision that you are appealing.

In certain circumstances under the State Privacy Laws, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf (using the mechanisms for submitting requests above), to the extent we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.

For requests to access, delete, or correct personal information, we may require the following for verification purposes:

For requests to opt-out of “sales,” “shares,” or the processing of your personal information for “targeted advertising” under the State Privacy Laws, we may require a signed permission demonstrating your authorized agent has been authorized by you to act on your behalf.

Where we process “deidentified information” (as such term is defined under the State Privacy Laws) and are required to keep such information deidentified, we commit to maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information, except in instances where necessary for determining whether the deidentification process we used satisfies the requirements under applicable law.

The following additional disclosures are part of the U.S. State Privacy Notice but apply only to residents covered under the CCPA.

Please see the list below for the categories of personal information we have collected in the last 12 months.  Further, please see “How We Use the Personal Information We Collect” for the purposes for which such personal information is used.

In the previous 12 months, we may have “sold” and “shared” the following categories of personal information to our advertising/marketing and analytics partners for the purposes of advertising/marketing and analytics services, subject to your right to opt-out via our Your Privacy Choices link (found in the Site footer):  identifiers, commercial information, geolocation data, sensitive personal information, and internet or other network information.

We retain the categories of personal information above as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  In many situations, we must obtain all, or a portion, of your personal information to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, protect against fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, or for another one of our business purposes.

©2025 K Health. All rights reserved. K Health products and technologies are protected by U.S. Patent No. 11,810,671.

©2025 K Health. All rights reserved. K Health products and technologies are protected by U.S. Patent No. 11,810,671.
