At Kindara Inc. (“Kindara”), your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) provides you with information about how we may collect, use, and share your personal information so that you may make knowledgeable choices about the information that you choose to provide to us. “Personal Information” includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you.Please note that we may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back with us periodically.This Privacy Policy applies to the Kindara services made available via applications on mobile or handheld devices (the “App”s), the Internet, and our website located at www.kindara.com and web application located at app.kindara.com (the “Website” and “Web App” respectively) (collectively, the “Service”). When you use the Service, you will be asked for consent to Kindara’s collection and use of information from or about you as well as information related to your use of the Service.This Privacy Policy provides information regarding Kindara’s data practices, including:How Kindara collects personal informationHow Kindara uses “cookies” and related information collected automatically when you use our Website or AppHow Kindara uses personal informationWhat personal information, if any, Kindara may share about youSecurity measures that Kindara employs to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosureOther things you should know about privacy and KindaraCOLLECTED INFORMATION AND USAGEKindara collects and uses the information you provide to us when you use the Service. Information that Kindara may collect includes: name, date of birth, e-mail address, fertility-related data and other family planning and health-related information you provide. You may consider some of this information to be sensitive so you should choose carefully regarding whether and if you will use the Service.We may use or share your Personal Information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, and location) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do.How Kindara collects and uses information from you:Website, Web App, or App Usage. Kindara and its vendors Google, Mailchimp, Facebook and HubSpot may observe your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your IP address and browser type) as well as content you have viewed during your use of the Service. We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Service. While we may collect or log this information, we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information.Customer Service. Kindara uses Zendesk to facilitate customer service requests. If you contact Kindara customer service, you may be asked for information needed to complete your request and provide related customer service. This information you provide is used, for example, to process your transactions, to create and share aggregate reports about these transactions, and for any risk management functions relating to transactions. If you purchase a subscription Service, your transaction may be conducted through Stripe or Apple iTunes. Vendors and suppliers engaged by Kindara may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy, contractual restrictions, and applicable law. Kindara (through its vendors or suppliers) may limit its provision of services to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law.Development of the Kindara Service; Scientific Research. In our mission to better understand fertility cycles and help women make powerful and informed choices around their fertility, Kindara will use your fertility data anonymously in our own research to better understand human fertility and improve our products and services. We may also share anonymous Personal Information with third-party researchers. Personal Information we share with a third party will be anonymous and not associated with your name or any identifying information provided by Kindara.Technical and Administrative Support. Kindara may allow you to provide registration information to us associated with a particular Kindara Service or products. Kindara may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically through HubSpot and Mailchimp about important changes to the Service (such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach), and new products and services and related features. If you register, we may ask for, among other things, your name, address, email, telephone number, type of product purchased, or other product-identifying information.Promotions and Contests. You may be asked to provide Personal Information, for entry into a particular promotion or contest, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion or contest will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations.Marketing. When you provide Kindara with Personal Information, we may communicate with you through HubSpot and Mailchimp using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you including marketing and promotional messages. For special offers and promotions, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving further similar communications.NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION, COOKIES, AND RELATED INFORMATION COLLECTIONCookies are small lines of text/data that are written onto your computer by a website. The Service may involve use of cookies or other similar technologies to collect and store non-Personal Information. We utilize these technologies to research and understand how the Service is used, to develop and improve the Service, to personalize your online experience, and for advertising and other marketing purposes.When you exit out of the Service, session cookies used by Kindara are removed. In some instances, such as during registration to customize your use of the Service, cookies may persist so that we can recognize you without requiring log-in at each visit. These persistent cookies placed in connection with your use of the Service may remain stored on your computer or mobile device until you remove them. Disabling or removing cookies may require you to manually log in each time you wish to use the Service.WHEN KINDARA MAY SHARE COLLECTED INFORMATIONIn addition to the circumstances noted above, Kindara may also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations:Enabling Services. Web-based services require web hosting, thus Kindara contracts with Google Cloud and Webflow in order to enable provision of the Service.Public Areas. The Service may include forums for communicating with others; such forums are public areas. Any information disclosed in such public areas of the Service or on any other website (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.) will become public information. You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas, especially your health-related and other sensitive information. Content posted in public areas of the Service, including advice and opinions, represent only the views and input of the poster; Kindara does not necessarily endorse, support, verify, or agree with such content. If you have any questions or comments about any content on the Service please send us an email at team@kindara.com.Business Changes. If Kindara should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if Kindara should decide to buy, sell, or reorganize some part or all of its business, Kindara may be required to disclose your Personal Information to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions.As Required by Law and Other Extraordinary Disclosures. Kindara may be required to disclose your Personal Information if it: (i) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant, etc.) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority, (ii) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit, (iii) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property, or (iv) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others.YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS, MAKE CHANGES TO, OR REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou may access, correct, or delete your Personal Information within the Kindara app. For assistance with changing any of your privacy preferences, accessing your information, updating your information or for any privacy or data-protection-related question please write to support@kindara.com.SECURITYData Transmission. While no data transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure, Kindara and its web hosting contractors takes every reasonable effort, employing all industry-standard practices to keep your information safe, including encrypting your information during transmission and at rest.If Kindara learns of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By consenting to use the Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. Also, Kindara may post a notice on the Website or the App if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the Service. Kindara may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you must notify us at team@kindara.com.OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATIONChildren. Kindara Services are not directed at children. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. If a person under 13 submits information through the Website or the App, and we learn the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. Because we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from persons under 13, we do not use or disclose such information to third parties.Third party websites. The Service may contain links to third party websites. Such third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. If you choose to visit such third party websites, you should review the third party’s applicable privacy policy carefully.Data Processing in the United States. Kindara is located in the United States. The Service is hosted in the United States and directed at residents of the United States and Canada only. By using the Service, you consent to the processing of your Personal Information in the United States and elsewhere as described in this Privacy Policy.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY BY KINDARAKindara reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will make all reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your consent. . We will post the updated Privacy Policy through the Service. Your continued use of the Service following a change in the Privacy Policy represents your consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy.CONTACTING KINDARAIf you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email our Data Protection Officer, Lorry Schneider, at privacy@kindara.com or write to us at:Kindara Inc. 3100 Arapahoe Ave, Suite 500Boulder, CO 80303 At Kindara Inc. (“Kindara”), your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) provides you with information about how we may collect, use, and share your personal information so that you may make knowledgeable choices about the information that you choose to provide to us. “Personal Information” includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you.Please note that we may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back with us periodically.This Privacy Policy applies to the Kindara services made available via applications on mobile or handheld devices (the “App”s), the Internet, and our website located at www.kindara.com and web application located at app.kindara.com (the “Website” and “Web App” respectively) (collectively, the “Service”). When you use the Service, you will be asked for consent to Kindara’s collection and use of information from or about you as well as information related to your use of the Service.This Privacy Policy provides information regarding Kindara’s data practices, including:How Kindara collects personal informationHow Kindara uses “cookies” and related information collected automatically when you use our Website or AppHow Kindara uses personal informationWhat personal information, if any, Kindara may share about youSecurity measures that Kindara employs to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosureOther things you should know about privacy and KindaraCOLLECTED INFORMATION AND USAGEKindara collects and uses the information you provide to us when you use the Service. Information that Kindara may collect includes: name, date of birth, e-mail address, fertility-related data and other family planning and health-related information you provide. You may consider some of this information to be sensitive so you should choose carefully regarding whether and if you will use the Service.We may use or share your Personal Information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, and location) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do.How Kindara collects and uses information from you:Website, Web App, or App Usage. Kindara and its vendors Google, Mailchimp, Facebook and HubSpot may observe your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your IP address and browser type) as well as content you have viewed during your use of the Service. We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Service. While we may collect or log this information, we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information.Customer Service. Kindara uses Zendesk to facilitate customer service requests. If you contact Kindara customer service, you may be asked for information needed to complete your request and provide related customer service. This information you provide is used, for example, to process your transactions, to create and share aggregate reports about these transactions, and for any risk management functions relating to transactions. If you purchase a subscription Service, your transaction may be conducted through Stripe or Apple iTunes. Vendors and suppliers engaged by Kindara may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy, contractual restrictions, and applicable law. Kindara (through its vendors or suppliers) may limit its provision of services to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law.Development of the Kindara Service; Scientific Research. In our mission to better understand fertility cycles and help women make powerful and informed choices around their fertility, Kindara will use your fertility data anonymously in our own research to better understand human fertility and improve our products and services. We may also share anonymous Personal Information with third-party researchers. Personal Information we share with a third party will be anonymous and not associated with your name or any identifying information provided by Kindara.Technical and Administrative Support. Kindara may allow you to provide registration information to us associated with a particular Kindara Service or products. Kindara may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically through HubSpot and Mailchimp about important changes to the Service (such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach), and new products and services and related features. If you register, we may ask for, among other things, your name, address, email, telephone number, type of product purchased, or other product-identifying information.Promotions and Contests. You may be asked to provide Personal Information, for entry into a particular promotion or contest, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion or contest will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations.Marketing. When you provide Kindara with Personal Information, we may communicate with you through HubSpot and Mailchimp using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you including marketing and promotional messages. For special offers and promotions, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving further similar communications.NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION, COOKIES, AND RELATED INFORMATION COLLECTIONCookies are small lines of text/data that are written onto your computer by a website. The Service may involve use of cookies or other similar technologies to collect and store non-Personal Information. We utilize these technologies to research and understand how the Service is used, to develop and improve the Service, to personalize your online experience, and for advertising and other marketing purposes.When you exit out of the Service, session cookies used by Kindara are removed. In some instances, such as during registration to customize your use of the Service, cookies may persist so that we can recognize you without requiring log-in at each visit. These persistent cookies placed in connection with your use of the Service may remain stored on your computer or mobile device until you remove them. Disabling or removing cookies may require you to manually log in each time you wish to use the Service.WHEN KINDARA MAY SHARE COLLECTED INFORMATIONIn addition to the circumstances noted above, Kindara may also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations:Enabling Services. Web-based services require web hosting, thus Kindara contracts with Google Cloud and Webflow in order to enable provision of the Service.Public Areas. The Service may include forums for communicating with others; such forums are public areas. Any information disclosed in such public areas of the Service or on any other website (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.) will become public information. You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas, especially your health-related and other sensitive information. Content posted in public areas of the Service, including advice and opinions, represent only the views and input of the poster; Kindara does not necessarily endorse, support, verify, or agree with such content. If you have any questions or comments about any content on the Service please send us an email at team@kindara.com.Business Changes. If Kindara should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if Kindara should decide to buy, sell, or reorganize some part or all of its business, Kindara may be required to disclose your Personal Information to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions.As Required by Law and Other Extraordinary Disclosures. Kindara may be required to disclose your Personal Information if it: (i) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant, etc.) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority, (ii) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit, (iii) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property, or (iv) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others.YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS, MAKE CHANGES TO, OR REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou may access, correct, or delete your Personal Information within the Kindara app. For assistance with changing any of your privacy preferences, accessing your information, updating your information or for any privacy or data-protection-related question please write to support@kindara.com.SECURITYData Transmission. While no data transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure, Kindara and its web hosting contractors takes every reasonable effort, employing all industry-standard practices to keep your information safe, including encrypting your information during transmission and at rest.If Kindara learns of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By consenting to use the Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. Also, Kindara may post a notice on the Website or the App if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the Service. Kindara may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you must notify us at team@kindara.com.OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATIONChildren. Kindara Services are not directed at children. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. If a person under 13 submits information through the Website or the App, and we learn the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. Because we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from persons under 13, we do not use or disclose such information to third parties.Third party websites. The Service may contain links to third party websites. Such third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. If you choose to visit such third party websites, you should review the third party’s applicable privacy policy carefully.Data Processing in the United States. Kindara is located in the United States. The Service is hosted in the United States and directed at residents of the United States and Canada only. By using the Service, you consent to the processing of your Personal Information in the United States and elsewhere as described in this Privacy Policy.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY BY KINDARAKindara reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will make all reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your consent. . We will post the updated Privacy Policy through the Service. Your continued use of the Service following a change in the Privacy Policy represents your consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy.CONTACTING KINDARAIf you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email our Data Protection Officer, Lorry Schneider, at privacy@kindara.com or write to us at:Kindara Inc. 3100 Arapahoe Ave, Suite 500Boulder, CO 80303 At Kindara Inc. (“Kindara”), your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) provides you with information about how we may collect, use, and share your personal information so that you may make knowledgeable choices about the information that you choose to provide to us. “Personal Information” includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you. Please note that we may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back with us periodically. This Privacy Policy applies to the Kindara services made available via applications on mobile or handheld devices (the “App”s), the Internet, and our website located at www.kindara.com and web application located at app.kindara.com (the “Website” and “Web App” respectively) (collectively, the “Service”). When you use the Service, you will be asked for consent to Kindara’s collection and use of information from or about you as well as information related to your use of the Service. This Privacy Policy provides information regarding Kindara’s data practices, including: How Kindara collects personal information How Kindara uses “cookies” and related information collected automatically when you use our Website or App How Kindara uses personal information What personal information, if any, Kindara may share about you Security measures that Kindara employs to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure Other things you should know about privacy and Kindara COLLECTED INFORMATION AND USAGE Kindara collects and uses the information you provide to us when you use the Service. Information that Kindara may collect includes: name, date of birth, e-mail address, fertility-related data and other family planning and health-related information you provide. You may consider some of this information to be sensitive so you should choose carefully regarding whether and if you will use the Service. We may use or share your Personal Information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, and location) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do. How Kindara collects and uses information from you: Website, Web App, or App Usage. Kindara and its vendors Google, Mailchimp, Facebook and HubSpot may observe your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your IP address and browser type) as well as content you have viewed during your use of the Service. We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Service. While we may collect or log this information, we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information. Customer Service. Kindara uses Zendesk to facilitate customer service requests. If you contact Kindara customer service, you may be asked for information needed to complete your request and provide related customer service. This information you provide is used, for example, to process your transactions, to create and share aggregate reports about these transactions, and for any risk management functions relating to transactions. If you purchase a subscription Service, your transaction may be conducted through Stripe or Apple iTunes. Vendors and suppliers engaged by Kindara may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy, contractual restrictions, and applicable law. Kindara (through its vendors or suppliers) may limit its provision of services to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law. Development of the Kindara Service; Scientific Research. In our mission to better understand fertility cycles and help women make powerful and informed choices around their fertility, Kindara will use your fertility data anonymously in our own research to better understand human fertility and improve our products and services. We may also share anonymous Personal Information with third-party researchers. Personal Information we share with a third party will be anonymous and not associated with your name or any identifying information provided by Kindara. Technical and Administrative Support. Kindara may allow you to provide registration information to us associated with a particular Kindara Service or products. Kindara may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically through HubSpot and Mailchimp about important changes to the Service (such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach), and new products and services and related features. If you register, we may ask for, among other things, your name, address, email, telephone number, type of product purchased, or other product-identifying information. Promotions and Contests. You may be asked to provide Personal Information, for entry into a particular promotion or contest, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion or contest will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations. Marketing. When you provide Kindara with Personal Information, we may communicate with you through HubSpot and Mailchimp using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you including marketing and promotional messages. For special offers and promotions, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving further similar communications. NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION, COOKIES, AND RELATED INFORMATION COLLECTION Cookies are small lines of text/data that are written onto your computer by a website. The Service may involve use of cookies or other similar technologies to collect and store non-Personal Information. We utilize these technologies to research and understand how the Service is used, to develop and improve the Service, to personalize your online experience, and for advertising and other marketing purposes. When you exit out of the Service, session cookies used by Kindara are removed. In some instances, such as during registration to customize your use of the Service, cookies may persist so that we can recognize you without requiring log-in at each visit. These persistent cookies placed in connection with your use of the Service may remain stored on your computer or mobile device until you remove them. Disabling or removing cookies may require you to manually log in each time you wish to use the Service. WHEN KINDARA MAY SHARE COLLECTED INFORMATION In addition to the circumstances noted above, Kindara may also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations: Enabling Services. Web-based services require web hosting, thus Kindara contracts with Google Cloud and Webflow in order to enable provision of the Service. Public Areas. The Service may include forums for communicating with others; such forums are public areas. Any information disclosed in such public areas of the Service or on any other website (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.) will become public information. You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas, especially your health-related and other sensitive information. Content posted in public areas of the Service, including advice and opinions, represent only the views and input of the poster; Kindara does not necessarily endorse, support, verify, or agree with such content. If you have any questions or comments about any content on the Service please send us an email at team@kindara.com. Business Changes. If Kindara should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if Kindara should decide to buy, sell, or reorganize some part or all of its business, Kindara may be required to disclose your Personal Information to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions. As Required by Law and Other Extraordinary Disclosures. Kindara may be required to disclose your Personal Information if it: (i) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant, etc.) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority, (ii) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit, (iii) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property, or (iv) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others. YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS, MAKE CHANGES TO, OR REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION You may access, correct, or delete your Personal Information within the Kindara app. For assistance with changing any of your privacy preferences, accessing your information, updating your information or for any privacy or data-protection-related question please write to support@kindara.com. SECURITY Data Transmission. While no data transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure, Kindara and its web hosting contractors takes every reasonable effort, employing all industry-standard practices to keep your information safe, including encrypting your information during transmission and at rest.If Kindara learns of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By consenting to use the Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. Also, Kindara may post a notice on the Website or the App if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the Service. Kindara may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you must notify us at team@kindara.com. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION Children. Kindara Services are not directed at children. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. If a person under 13 submits information through the Website or the App, and we learn the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. Because we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from persons under 13, we do not use or disclose such information to third parties. Third party websites. The Service may contain links to third party websites. Such third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. If you choose to visit such third party websites, you should review the third party’s applicable privacy policy carefully. Data Processing in the United States. Kindara is located in the United States. The Service is hosted in the United States and directed at residents of the United States and Canada only. By using the Service, you consent to the processing of your Personal Information in the United States and elsewhere as described in this Privacy Policy. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY BY KINDARA Kindara reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will make all reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your consent. . We will post the updated Privacy Policy through the Service. Your continued use of the Service following a change in the Privacy Policy represents your consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy. CONTACTING KINDARA If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email our Data Protection Officer, Lorry Schneider, at privacy@kindara.com or write to us at: Kindara Inc. 3100 Arapahoe Ave, Suite 500Boulder, CO 80303
