Automate patient texting, reduce phone volume and centralize communication. Read more Improve how your care teams and their patients communicate throughout the healthcare journey. Read more Automate administrative tasks and patient outreach to reduce paperwork. Read more Connect with patients remotely and access secure messaging and file sharing. Read more Curated resources to help improve your medical practice’s success. Browse resources Read the latest news, tips, and best practices for patient retention and practice growth. Read articles Klara Recognized as a Top Healthcare Product in G2’s 2025 Best Software Awards Discover why other medical practices choose Klara to help improve communication. Read stories Fort Wayne Dermatology elevates patient care and efficiency with Klara Discover trends in patient engagement with insight from healthcare professionals. Watch webinars From Call Chaos to Calm Practice: Streamline Your Workflow Learn strategies for improving practice efficiency and patient communication. Download white papers What do patients really think? It’s time to find out. Watch these videos to learn how Klara helps medical practices boost engagement. Watch videos Klara Helps Palmetto Gastro & Hepatology Get to Patients Faster Use these free calculators to uncover how much revenue your medical practice is losing. Calculate now Our 2-minute quiz helps you assess the quality of your practice’s patient communication. Take quiz 4700 Exchange Court, Suite 225, Boca Raton, FL 33431 ©2025 Klara Technologies, LLC. All rights reserved. Klara does not recommend sending sensitive information, including PHI, through SMS text messaging. SMS text messages are not encrypted and may be accessible by third parties. When providers send messages to patients through the Klara platform, the patient receives an SMS message that contains a link to Klara’s secure platform, where the contents of the message are encrypted. Sensitive information is not included in the SMS message from Klara providers to patients. Patients may send SMS text messages directly to the provider, and patients are free to include any content, but Klara recommends that patients use mobile messaging within the Klara platform to communicate sensitive information with providers.
