Libre Family of Products Global Privacy Notice Effective Date: September 2025 Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc. provides you with the Libre family of products, which includes the FreeStyle Libre apps, the FreeStyle LibreLink app, the LibreLinkUp app and the LibreView website and any companion apps (such as the Libre Watch App). For the purposes of this document, they will collectively referred to as “Libre Products”. For more information see +Introduction, +About Us and +Contact Us below. We are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we collect when you use Libre Products and how we handle it, and what we do to keep it secure. For more information, see +Personal Information Collected and +Security of Personal Information below. THIS SUMMARY IS NOT COMPREHENSIVE. YOU WILL NEED TO READ THE RELEVANT SECTIONS OF THE PRIVACY NOTICE BELOW TO FULLY UNDERSTAND HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.. We use personal information for a number of reasons including to provide you with Libre Products and services and to comply with legal requirements. For more information, see +Use of Personal Information, +Medical Device Regulation, +Research, +Sending Marketing and Other Materials and +Retention of Personal Information below. We limit access to your personal information to duly authorized personnel and limit who we share your personal information with. For more information on to whom we disclose personal information, see +Disclosures of Personal Information and +Security of Personal Information. We may store personal information on servers provided by third-party companies located in countries other than your country of residence. For more information, see +Data Storage and +Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information below. Where your location grants you certain rights in relation to your personal information, we will respond to your requests to exercise those rights. For more information, see +Rights Over Your Personal Information and +Deleting A LibreView Account By You Or By Abbott below. Please contact us in the first instance if you have any questions, comments or complaints. Outside of the United States, you can do this by emailing us at DiabetesCarePrivacy@abbott.com. You may also contact your local Abbott entity and/or local Data Protection Officer (if we have one in your area). In the United States, for HIPAA-related inquiries only, you can contact DiabetesCareHIPAA@abbott.com. For all other inquiries in the U.S. and for more detailed information on who you can contact, see +Contact Us below. When we update this Privacy Notice with material changes, we may alert you through email or through logging into the LibreView website or by another means. For more information, see +Changes to the Privacy Notice below. We have also included +Country Specific Provisions below. These supplement and/or amend specific provisions of this Privacy Notice, where required by law, in particular where they appear to conflict with local law. Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. of 1420 Harbor Bay Parkway, Alameda, CA 94502, USA is the developer of the Libre products that include the LibreView website, the associated cloud-based data management system, the mobile applications including LibreLink, Libre, Libre 2, or Libre 3 (collectively, “LibreLink App”), the LibreLinkUp mobile application (“LibreLinkUp App”), as well as Libre branded sensors, readers and companion apps (such as the Libre Watch App). Collectively, use of any of LibreView website, LibreLink App, LibreLinkUp App are referred to as “LibreView”. References to “affiliate companies” are Abbott’s affiliate companies or to “third parties” are those third parties listed in the section titled +Disclosures of Personal Information. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before creating a LibreView account. It applies to your use of LibreView and to Abbott and affiliated companies’ processing, transfer and storage of your personal information. References in this Privacy Notice to “personal information” includes all information relating to you, including health-related information. THIS PRIVACY NOTICE DOES NOT APPLY TO U.S.-BASED USERS OF LIBREVIEW, EXCEPT FOR the sections “HIPAA Notice for Individual Users in the United States of America” and “USA”. If you are a U.S.-based user of Libre Products, please see the section titled +HIPAA Notice for Individual Users in the United States of America and +USA See the section for information relevant to you. THIS PRIVACY NOTICE applies only to the personal information of the following LibreView users: If you fall within more than one category of user, please ensure to read the sections of this Privacy Notice that apply to each category of user that applies to you. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the processing of personal information to resolve customer service issues related to LibreView. For information about how we process your personal information when using our customer services outside of the United States, see the privacy policies relevant to your country of residence, which can be accessed at https://www.diabetescare.abbott/worldwide-locations.html. Abbott is a controller of personal information uploaded to and stored by you in LibreView. Your HCP is the controller of your personal information for the purpose of providing you with medical care and we act on their behalf as processor to provide you with LibreView. The words ‘controller’ and ‘processor’ are used here based on their definition in the data protection laws of the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) and Switzerland and, where applicable, has the equivalent meaning of similar terms in other countries’ data protection and privacy laws where you reside. If you are an individual to whom this Privacy Notice applies, as described in Section 3, we may collect and use the following personal information about you: When you sign up for a LibreView account, your account sign up information is held in a separate database from your health-related information. Abbott uses technical and administrative measures to ensure data separation. If you use the share functionality in LibreView, and send a report to your healthcare provider or another person, the report will include your first and last name, glucose data, and other health related information. Where your healthcare provider requests or where you elect to share reports from your LibreView account with your healthcare providers electronic medical record system, the reports will contain your first and last name and glucose data, as set out in the section titled +Disclosures of Personal Information If you reside outside of the U.S., Abbott uses your personal information, as described in +Personal Information Collected above, in the following ways: This section applies to LibreView Website Users, FSL Account Users, FSL No Account Users, and Patients who reside outside of the U.S., and all HCPs. Abbott may use personal information, to comply with various legal requirements. For example, as a medical device manufacturer, Abbott may have certain legal obligations to share identifiable personal information with regulators to help ensure the ongoing safety and quality of our medical devices. The legal requirements for which Abbott may use your personal information include: For more information about HIPAA, please see the +HIPAA Notice for Individual Users in the United States of America and +USA sections below for further information. For more information about GDPR, please see the +European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland section below. This section applies to LibreView Website Users and FSL Account Users outside of the U.S. Where you have opted in, Abbott conducts research for limited purposes using your personal information after it has been de-identified, pseudonymized, aggregated and/or anonymized. Such data includes limited demographic data, namely, year of birth and country of residence, and device related data (such as the frequency and days of sensor scans or usage, frequency of use of readers, glucose target ranges, average glucose values, insulin, mealtime patterns, logged exercise and other logged notes, and information generated by a sensor, namely, sensor started and ended information, Bluetooth connection and disconnection (where it is applicable), information about whether glucose information you upload into LibreView has been viewed by you). This information may also include data received from your third-party connected devices or apps as well as your responses to research surveys. Anonymized data is no longer subject to privacy and data protection laws. Research data sets held by Abbott are protected with appropriate security controls and Abbott will not use these data sets to identify you, unless required to do so under applicable legal and regulatory obligations. If you delete your account through the settings in LibreView or through a request to Customer Service, the data that has already been or is in the process of being anonymized, de-identified, pseudonymized and/or aggregated for research purposes as described in this section will not be deleted. The research purposes for which Abbott may use this data set include: For more information regarding our current scientific research projects, please click here. This section applies to FSL Account Users, FSL No Account Users and LLU Users outside of the U.S. Abbott conducts mobile app usage research based on de-identified, pseudonymized, aggregated and/or anonymized data for limited purposes, to understand performance that may arise with or any fixes needed for the LibreLink App and LibreLinkUp App. Where you live in a country that requires Abbott to obtain consent before we are able to use a de-identified, pseudonymized, or aggregated data set, you will be asked to provide consent by clicking the opt-in button. This section applies to those residing outside of the U.S. who are FSL Account Users and LibreView Website Users except children and HCPs. Where you opt in to receiving marketing communications from us, Abbott (or its affiliates) may use your LibreView account profile (first and last name, age range, phone number, email address, language and country) and other information you may have provided to us for marketing purposes, such as your address. If you are an FSL Account User, Abbott (or its affiliates) may also use the time of your first sensor scan, frequency of sensor use, and glucose information, as set out in the sections titled +Use of Personal Information. We do this to send you marketing information tailored to your specific needs. Abbott (or its affiliates) may send you advertising and marketing information or request that you participate in surveys about glucose management, diabetes care or other products and services, provide you with news and newsletters, or notify you about special offers and promotions at any time if (where required by law) you opted-in to receive such communications or if we have a legitimate basis for sending you this material. You will be provided with an opportunity to opt-in to these communications (where required by law) when you first provide us with your personal information and when you log into your LibreView account. After you opt-in, you will also be provided an opportunity to opt-out via each marketing communication you receive from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link or you can contact us at DiabetesCarePrivacy@abbott.com. If you are receiving marketing communications via in-app messaging, you can opt-out by emailing DiabetesCarePrivacy@abbott.com. Neither Abbott nor its affiliates or licensors will knowingly send advertising or marketing-related information to children. Where you opt out of receiving marketing-related information about glucose management, we may send you non-marketing related information, where required by law, such as information related to necessary system and service updates or issues relating to user or product safety. Abbott will retain personal information associated with your LibreView account for the following periods (in each case, as applicable to each user): Once your LibreView account is deleted, all personal information will be permanently and irrevocably deleted unless (1) Abbott is required or permitted to retain the personal information or (2) with respect to such information that has already been or is in the process of being anonymized, de-identified, pseudonymized and/or aggregated for the purposes set out in the section titled +Research. We share personal information, and in each case, where required by law, only the minimum amount of personal information is shared for the purposes for which the third-party is engaged, with the following categories of third parties: Healthcare providers: If your healthcare provider has created a LibreView account, your healthcare provider has the ability to use LibreView to create patient profiles and to connect your reader to their LibreView account to view and print out a patient report and to remotely view patient reports and share those reports with other professionals in their practice. Abbott discloses such information pursuant to its contract with your healthcare provider and processes such data as a “processor” on behalf of your health care provider, which is the “controller” of your personal information in this circumstance. Where requested by your healthcare provider, Abbott may also share your personal information with your healthcare provider’s electronic medical records system (but only where you have opted-in or otherwise consented to such sharing or in countries where such data sharing is permitted pursuant to applicable regulations). Where Abbott shares your personal information, it may do so under a data sharing agreement with your healthcare provider. If you have a LibreView account, you have the ability to share information with healthcare providers. You may also share your personal information with a person you invite to use the LibreLinkUp app. Depending on your selection of country, you may have limited ability to connect to other users of LibreView who choose a different country of residence. When you provide your healthcare provider access to your LibreView account or where your healthcare provider sets up a LibreView account for you, Abbott (through LibreView) will be processing your personal information on behalf of your healthcare provider, as a ‘processor’ and your healthcare provider will be the “controller” of your personal information in such instances. Abbott also uses third-party suppliers to send surveys and collect your responses for research purposes and will, if required by law, obtain your consent to do so. Where there is a corporate sale, merger, or transfer of a product line or division, we may sell or license your personal information to a third-party buyer so that it can continue to provide you with information and services. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to respond to requests from any competent law enforcement body, regulatory or government agency, court or other third-party where we believe the disclosure is necessary or appropriate to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, government request or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our customers, the public, Abbott or others, and to exercise, establish or defend Abbott’s legal rights or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Notice or any agreement between us, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. Your personal information may be subject to foreign laws and may be accessible by foreign governments, courts, law enforcement, and regulatory agencies. We have implemented administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information, from unauthorized or unlawful access, accidental loss, destruction, damage, misuse, disclosure and alteration, including the use of cryptographic technologies. In certain countries, two-factor authentication may be required. Libre sensors transmit glucose values using NFC (Near Field Communication) and Bluetooth technologies. Abbott limits access to personal information to duly authorized personnel on a need-to-know basis and treats all personal information as confidential. As no data transmission is 100% secure, please exercise caution when uploading personal information to your LibreView account. You are responsible for protecting against unauthorized access to your LibreView account and devices. We recommend securing access to LibreView by logging-out, choosing a robust password for your LibreView account that nobody else knows or can easily guess, implementing security settings on your mobile device or computer such as a password to access it, keeping your device locked when not in use and keeping your account information and password private. Abbott is not responsible for any lost, stolen or compromised passwords or for any activity on your LibreView account from unauthorized users where caused by you. If you think your account has been compromised, please contact us as soon as you are able at DiabetesCarePrivacy@abbott.com. Abbott uses Amazon Web Services (AWS), CROC or Microsoft Azure to host your LibreView accounts in the cloud. The servers that host LibreView accounts may be located in North America (United States, Canada), Europe (Ireland, France, Germany), Russia, UAE and the Asia Pacific countries (China, Japan, Korea, Australia, Singapore). You will be asked for your country of residence when you create a LibreView account. The country of residence that you select will determine where your data is stored. For example, if you reside in a member country of the European Union (EU), your personal information will be stored on servers within the territory of the European Union (Ireland, France, or Germany). For French users, Abbott hosts LibreView accounts with AWS in France. AWS is certified by the French agency for digital health, the ANS, to host health-related information. The personal information you upload to your LibreView account may be stored in a server located outside of your country of residence or in accordance with the data storage and privacy requirements of your selected country. When your personal information is hosted in a country other than the country you selected, it may become subject to the laws of the host country, which may not be equivalent to the laws of the country you selected. If you have incorrectly identified a different country as your country of residence, do not complete the installation. Instead, return to www.libreview.com and click “Sign Up”. For more information about our global server locations and on which servers your personal information, is stored, please see https://files.libreview.io/files/globalLogos/pp-image.png. If you selected a country outside the United States of America as your country of residence, we may occasionally need to access, transfer or view your personal information outside your country of residence to provide you with technical or other customer support related to the use of your LibreView account and/or support and maintain LibreView. The personal information may include your full name, email address, and in certain exceptional circumstances, your health-related information, where the technical issue requires the support team to view such information. Access to personal information is via a secure network from the United States of America and only occurs to the extent necessary for us to provide the technical or other customer support required and/or to maintain LibreView. If you request our support and share your diagnostic/ troubleshooting data we may transfer your data to the United States of America to the extent it is necessary for us to provide you with technical support and to perform broader analysis to detect systemic issues. Where we transfer your personal information to another country, we will make sure that any transfer complies with the laws of the country where you live. When you invite a person to use the LibreLinkUp app so they can see your glucose values, we use a third-party messaging system to send notifications from your LibreView account to the individuals connected to you via LibreLinkUp and the notifications may be transferred via the United States. We transfer de-identified, pseudonymized, aggregated, and/or anonymized data to the United States as described in the section titled +Research. We also transfer data—in de-identified, pseudonymized, aggregated, and/or anonymized forms where possible—where required as described in the +Medical Device Regulation section, and/or where otherwise permitted or required as described in the section titled +Disclosures of Personal Information. WHERE YOU ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES AND YOU SIGN UP FOR A LIBREVIEW ACCOUNT, WE ARE INFORMING YOU OF THESE TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AS SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE. THE LAWS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA MAY NOT OFFER AN EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF PROTECTION FOR YOUR PERSONAL DATA WHEN COMPARED TO THE APPLICABLE DATA PROTECTION OR PRIVACY LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE. This section applies to LibreView Website Users, FSL Account Users and FSL No Account Users for individuals residing outside of the U.S. Each user is required to enter their date of birth and country so that we may establish whether the user is a child under the law of their country. If a date of birth attributable to a child is entered, the user will be required to enter the email address of a parent/guardian before a LibreView account will be created. The parent/guardian must consent to the child’s use of LibreView. Upon such consent, a LibreView account will be created for the parent/guardian for use by a child. At any time, a parent/guardian may stop the collection of a child’s personal information, by requesting that Abbott delete the LibreView account used by a child by contacting us at DiabetesCarePrivacy@abbott.com. This action will delete the account being used by the child but we retain information that has already been or is in the process of being anonymized, aggregated, pseudonymized and/or de-identified for the purposes set out in the section titled +Research and we may need to retain certain personal information as required by law. See +Retention of Personal Information for more information. You may correct your sign up information through LibreView account settings, or through the settings within your LibreLink App or LibreLinkUp App. We are not able to correct or amend any sensor readings that you have uploaded into your LibreView account or any data uploaded from a Libre reader, but we will assist you with deleting your LibreView account and creating a new one so that you can reload the correct information. Depending on your place of residence, you may have the right to: (a) access the personal information we hold about you; (b) request we correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you; (c) delete any personal information we hold about you; (d) restrict or cease the processing of personal information we hold about you; (e) object to the processing of personal information we hold about you; and/or (f) receive any personal information you have provided to us on the basis of your consent in a structured and commonly used machine-readable format or have such personal information transmitted to another company by using the export function in your LibreView account, where accessible. Please note that Abbott is not required by law to adopt or maintain systems that are technically compatible with other companies. It may not be possible for Abbott to directly transmit your personal information to another company. You may have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with any aspect of Abbott’s processing of your personal information. Please contact your local data protection authority (if you have one) to find out. Children may also have the right to access the personal information held about them through LibreView. Where we receive a request for access for a child’s personal information from the child’s parent/guardian, we may respond directly to the child’s parent/guardian. We will always seek to verify the identity of person seeking access to a child’s information, whether it is from the child him/herself or from a parent or guardian. To request the exercise of these rights, please contact us using any of the methods set out in the section titled +Contact Us. If you would like to delete your LibreView account, you may do so by logging into your LibreView account via www.libreview.com and using the delete account functionality. Abbott may also delete your LibreView account if it has been inactive for six (6) months. We will notify you in advance by sending an email to the email address associated with your LibreView account so that you have an opportunity to ensure your account stays current and available for your use. Please be aware that once your LibreView account is deleted, all personal information will be permanently and irrevocably deleted unless as otherwise stated under the section titled +Retention of Personal Information. You may therefore want to download and save any required information before deleting your LibreView account. This section applies to [FSL Account Users]. If you have chosen to share your LibreView account information with your healthcare provider or with other connections and you delete your account, those persons will no longer be able to view your glucose readings. This section applies to [Patients]. Please be aware that if your healthcare provider has set up their own account in LibreView and created a patient profile specific to you, your deletion of your LibreView account may have no effect on the account or patient profile created by your healthcare provider. You can find our Cookie Policy at https://www.abbott.com/content/dam/corp/abbott/en-us/policies/cybersecurity/Abbott-Cookie-Policy-Oct-2024_Final.pdf If you live outside of the U.S. and have questions, comments, or complaints about our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise any of your rights set out in the section titled +How Individual Users can Access and Correct Personal Information and Your Rights, please email us at DiabetesCarePrivacy@abbott.com or write to us at: Attn: Privacy Officer Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. 2701 Harbor Bay Parkway Alameda, CA 94502 USA Alternatively, you may contact your local Abbott company if we have one (details of which are here) at Austria Abbott Gesellschaft m.b.H. Perfektastrase 84A, Wien, 1230, Austria Belgium and LuxembourgAbbott Avenue Einstein 14, Wavre, 1300, Belgium China 雅培贸易(上海)有限公司 地址：中国上海市南京西路388号仙乐斯广场31楼 邮编：200003 Colombia Abbott Laboratories De Colombia S.A.S NIT. 860.002.134-8 Calle 100 # 9A – 45 Piso 14, Bogota +57 (601) 6285600habeasdata@abbott.com CroatiaAbbott Laboratories d.o.o. HRK Koranska 2, Zagreb, Croatia Czech RepublicAbbott Laboratories, s.r.o. Prague 6,Hadovka Office Park, Evropská 2591/33d, Prague, 160 00, Czech Republic DenmarkAbbott Laboratories A/S Arne Jacobsens Allé 13, 2, 2300 København, Denmark FinlandAbbott Oy Karvaamokuja 2 A 00380 Helsinki, Finland FranceAbbott France 40 48 Rue d'Arcueil, 3 Place Gustave Eiffel, CP 10457, Rungis Cedex, 94593, France GermanyAbbott GmbH Max-Planck-Ring 2, Wiesbaden, 65205, Germany GreeceAbbott Laboratories (Hellas) Societe Anonyme 63, Agiou Dimitriou Str. Alimos, Athens, GR 17456, Greece IrelandAbbott Laboratories, Ireland, Limited Block B, Liffey Valley Office Campus, Quarryvale, Dublin, 22, Ireland ItalyAbbott S.r.l. Viale Giorgio Ribotta n.9, 00144 Roma, Italia NetherlandsAbbott B.V. Wegalaan 9, 2132 JD, Hoofddorp, 2132 JD, Netherlands NorwayAbbott Norge AS Rolfsbuktveien 4C, 1364 Fornebu, 0219 Baerum, Norway PolandAbbott Laboratories Poland Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością ul. Postepu 21B, Warsaw, 02-676, Poland PortugalAbbott Laboratórios, Lda Estrada Alfragide 67, Alfrapark D, Amadora, 2610-008, Portugal SlovakiaAbbott Laboratories Slovakia s.r.o. Karadžicova 8, city part Ružinov, Bratislava, 821 08, Slovakia SloveniaAbbott Laboratories družba za farmacijo in diagnostiko d.o.o. Dolenjska cesta 242c, Ljubljana, 1000, Slovenia SpainAbbott Laboratories, S.A. Avenida de Burgos 91, Madrid, 28050, Spain SwedenAbbott Scandinavia Aktiebolag Hemvarnsgatan 9, Box 1498, Solna SE, 171 29, Sweden SwitzerlandAbbott AG Neuhofstrasse 23, Baar, 6351, Switzerland, Europe United KingdomAbbott Laboratories Limited Abbott House, Vanwall Road, Vanwall Business Park, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 4XE, England For HIPAA-related inquiries, please contact us at: DiabetesCareHIPAA@abbott.com. In all communications to us, please include the email address used to create your LibreView account and a detailed explanation of your request. We may make changes to this Privacy Notice. If we do, you may be alerted to such changes by email, via the LibreLink App or LibreLinkUp App or when you next log into LibreView. Where notified upon signing into your account, you will be prompted to read and/or accept the updated Notice in order to continue using your LibreView account. Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to update and amend this Privacy Notice without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes and good business practices to the extent that it does not change the privacy practices as set out in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to the changes to this Privacy Notice, you should delete your LibreView account by logging into your account via www.libreview.com and using the delete account functionality. See +Deleting A Libreview Account By You Or By Abbott for more information. Some functions within Abbott may operate as a "Covered Entity" pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and its implementing regulations ("HIPAA") and may use and disclose any patient personal information, including health information, that you provide to us directly or through the LibreView System for the purpose of improving treatment guidance for patients utilizing Abbott’s Libre Products, (LibreLink app, and/or LibreLinkUp App, and/or LibreView) and as set forth in our Abbott Diabetes Care Notice of Privacy Practices. For example, Abbott may share your personal information when your health care provider requests that LibreView send a report of your glucose data directly to their electronic medical record system. Please contact DiabetesCareHIPAA@abbott.com with any questions about your HIPAA rights. If you are a California resident or a resident of other U.S. States, please also see section +California and Other States with Privacy Laws of this Privacy Notice. This section applies to Libre Products users and Patients in the United States. Please note that any personal information, including health-related information provided to us by you directly through Libre Products, or provided to us by your healthcare provider, or shared by you with your healthcare provider via Libre Products may be protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and its implementing regulations (“HIPAA”), and Abbott may use and disclose your personal information in accordance with our Abbott Diabetes Care Notice of Privacy Practices that is available on LibreView. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits residents of the State of California to request from certain businesses with whom the California resident has an established business relationship a list of all third parties to which the business, during the immediately preceding calendar year, has disclosed certain personally identifiable information for direct marketing purposes. Abbott is required to respond to a customer request only once during any calendar year. To make such a request you should send a letter to Abbott Diabetes Care Inc., Attn: Privacy Officer, 1420 Harbor Bay Parkway, Alameda, CA 94502, USA. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the California Privacy Rights requirements and only information sharing that is covered will be included in our response. Depending on where you reside, you may also have certain rights and choices (with certain limitations and exceptions) regarding our processing of your personal information that we process outside of our HIPAA Covered Entity, for instance, in the event you provide your consent/authorization through LibreView. You can learn more about our collection and use of your personal information outside of our HIPAA Covered Entity and specific non-HIPAA data subject rights by visiting Abbott Privacy Policy | Abbott U.S. If you wish to make a complaint about a breach of the Privacy Act, the Australian Privacy Principle (“APPs”) or a privacy code that applies to us, or if you have any queries or concerns about our Privacy Notice or the way we handle your personal information, please contact us using the details above and we will take reasonable steps to investigate and respond to you. If after this process you are not satisfied with our response, you can submit a complaint to the Office of the Information Commissioner. See http://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints, to obtain the relevant complaint forms, or contact the Information Commissioner’s office. We may transfer your personal information to the United States. You consent to that disclosure and agree that by giving that consent, Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 no longer applies, and we are not required to take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the APPs in relation to that information. This section applies to FSL Account Users, FSL No Account Users, LV Users, Patients and LLU Users. Consent: To process personal information concerning your health, you must provide Abbott affirmative consent to use LibreView. You may withdraw your consent at any time by logging into your LibreView account via www.libreview.com and using the delete account functionality. See +Retention of Personal Information for more information. Legal basis for the processing of your personal information: Abbott processes your information based on the following legal basis as set out in the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD): This section applies to FSL Account Users, FSL No Account Users, LibreView Website Users, Patients and LLU Users. Consent: To process personal information concerning your health, you must provide Abbott affirmative consent to use LibreView. You may withdraw your consent at any time by logging into your LibreView account via www.libreview.com and using the delete account functionality. See +Retention of Personal Information for more information. Legal basis for the processing of your personal information: Abbott processes your information based on the following legal bases as set out in the GDPR: Use of Anonymized Data: Abbott may use your anonymized customer account data and other anonymized data received from you as a customer or user of other Abbott offers, products, and services to perform efficacy studies regarding our products. This data will be fully anonymized to ensure that it cannot be traced back to any individual. This section applies to HCPs. Abbott processes personal information as a controller based on the following legal bases described in the GDPR: This section applies to all users. We may need to access and/or transfer personal information contained in LibreView, and in certain exceptional circumstances health-related information, as explained in +Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information. Where applicable, we also transfer diagnostic/troubleshooting data (including health-related data) to the United States as further described in +Research. Such cross-border transfers are only where required and on a case by case basis and are pursuant to the derogation set out in GDPR Article 49(1)(b) (or the respective provision in the Swiss data protection law where applicable) since the transfers are limited to those necessary for us to perform our contract with you for the provision of a LibreView account. We also transfer personal information to the United States to comply with our legal obligations, as further described in +Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information and +Medical Device Regulation. Such cross-border transfers are made pursuant to the derogation set out in GDPR Article 49(1)(d) (or the respective provisions in the Swiss data protection law where applicable) because it is in the public interest for Abbott to comply with its legal obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we also enter into approved Standard Contractual Clauses with healthcare providers and may avail of adequacy mechanisms where relevant and available. References in this Privacy Notice to “country” include region. Consent: To process personal information concerning your health, you must provide Abbott affirmative consent to use LibreView. For users who are under the age of 14, consent must be given by their guardian. You may withdraw your consent at any time by logging into your LibreView account via www.libreview.com and using the delete account functionality. See +Retention of Personal Information for more information. We are not legally required to obtain consent to collect or use your personal information including health related information under certain circumstances if the collection or use of your personal information including health related information is: In addition to other rights you have under this Privacy Notice, you may have the following additional rights: We may not process your requests if they are unreasonable or repetitive. We will not be able to carry out your request if: Health-related information, such as those from your sensor or reader, such as how often you scan or use your sensor, your use of readers, glucose targets, glucose values, insulin, logged food, logged exercise and other logged notes, sensor generation, and sensor started and ended information (where it is applicable) and the personal information of children under 14 are sensitive information, which is collected to provide a glucose management service through our LibreView and relevant mobile apps. Your failure to provide such information may cause your inability to use our service normally. We have in place a comprehensive security program that complies in all respects with applicable law and industry practices to protect your personal information (including health related information). We will take all the commercially reasonable actions to ensure not to collect any personal information including health-related information irrelevant to the purposes as set out in this Privacy Notice, and will only retain your personal information (including health related information) within the retention period hereunder or a longer period as required by applicable laws. We will update and publish information about security risk, and personal information security impact assessment as required by applicable laws. In the event that there is any security incident related to your personal information (including health related information), we will inform you in a timely manner as required by applicable laws by email, or other available contact methods about the following: general information about the incident and its possible impact, the remediation actions we have taken and will take, the actions to mitigate the risks and to remediate the impact. In the meantime, we may report such incident and the remediation actions to the regulatory agency as required. As stated under the section +Disclosure of Personal Information, we may share your personal information including health-related information with third parties, where you have expressly asked us to do so, and/or provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. Before sharing your personal information including health-related information with third parties, we will: (a) inform you about the purpose of sharing personal information, the type of data recipient, and the possible consequences, and obtain prior consent from you; (b) in addition to the content notified in (a), we will notify you of the content of sensitive personal information involved and the identity of the data recipient and its data security capability prior to the sharing of sensitive personal information. When you invite a person to use the LibreLinkUp app so they can see your glucose values, we use a third-party messaging system to Push notifications from your LibreView account to the individuals connected to you via LibreLinkUp and the notifications may be transferred via the United States. Personal information including health-related information generated and collected by us in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) is stored in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). Given that Abbott operates globally, your personal information may be transferred to and accessed by entities located outside of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), which is necessary for us to perform the de-identification of your personal information as required under applicable laws, or to perform our contract with you for the provision of a LibreView account and relevant services, or to comply with the legal obligations. The types of personal information including health-related information that may be shared or transferred include any personal information including health-related information collected by LibreView or provided to us by you or your guardians; and the recipients of your personal information including health-related information may include, but are not limited to, Abbott Laboratories Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., located at F31, Ciro’s Plaza, 388 NanJing West Road, Shanghai P.R. China, and our parent company Abbott Labs located in the U.S.A. We will adopt necessary measures to ensure that the overseas recipients can provide the same level of protection to your personal information as required under the applicable Chinese laws. If your personal information is used for research, it is de-identified, pseudonymized, aggregated and/or anonymized, so that it does not identify you by name. Unless deletion is legally required or pursuant to user’s request, Abbott may retain any personal information, including health-related information, that you or your guardians provide to us through LibreView for the purpose of improving treatment guidance for your utilization of Abbott’s Libre products, and/or LibreLinkUp App. In addition to other rights you have under this Privacy Notice, you may have the following additional rights under the Colombian Data Protection Regime (CDPR), regarding part or all of your Personal Information: You may make inquiries about your Personal Information stored in our databases, in accordance with the following rules: If you believe that your Personal Information stored in Abbott's databases should be updated, corrected, or deleted, or if you believe that Abbott has violated any of its duties as a data controller, you may file a claim in accordance with the following rules: We may also collect your gender and place of birth where applicable. Personal Information Collection: This Privacy Notice also applies to the personal information, including health-related information, transferred to or shared with us by third parties that may be providing services to you, where you have expressly asked such third parties to do so, or provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. Disclosure of personal information by us: We may transfer and/or share your personal information including health-related information to/with third parties that may be providing services to you, where you have expressly asked us to do so, or provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. Upon your request or where you have provided your consent, we may transfer and/or share your personal information, including your health-related information such as your full name, mobile phone number (where it is applicable), date of birth, country, email address and health-related information scanned from your sensor, reader to / with H2, Inc. (“H2S”), a digital diabetes coaching and diabetes management solution company based in Taiwan and such personal information will be used to enable you to receive diabetes related services from H2S. It is voluntary for you to consent or refuse to consent to the transfer or sharing of such personal information but if you do not consent, you will not be able to receive services from H2S. By accepting or agreeing to this Privacy Notice, you consent to us contacting you electronically where required to notify you of any security event affecting your personal information. See +Retention of Personal Information for more information. Personal Information Collection: This Privacy Notice also applies to the personal information, including health-related information, transferred to or shared with us by third parties that may be providing services to you, where you have expressly asked such third parties to do so, or provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. Disclosure of personal information by us: we may transfer and/or share your personal information including health-related information to/with third parties that may be providing services to you or conducting specific research, where you have expressly asked us to do so, or provided consent. H2 Inc.: Upon your request or where you have provided your consent, we may transfer and/or share your personal information, including your health-related information scanned from your sensor to /with H2 Inc. (“H2”), which is based in Taiwan and provides a smartphone application “SyncHealth”, and such personal information will be used to enable you to receive diabetes related services from H2. It is voluntary for you to consent or refuse to consent to the transfer or sharing of such personal information but if you do not consent, you will not be able to receive services from H2. Your personal information which is transferred to and/or shared with H2 upon your request or consent shall be handled in accordance with H2’s privacy policy. National Center for Global Health and Medicine/J-DREAMS: Where you have provided your consent, we may transfer and/or share your personal information, including your health-related information such as glucose value scanned from your sensor, reader and/or Libre App with its time stamp and ID that will be assigned to you by your healthcare provider, to/with your healthcare provider that is participating in Japan Diabetes compREhensive database project based on an Advanced electronic Medical record System (“J-DREAMS”), and National Center for Global Health and Medicine (“NCGM”), a medical institution leading J-DREAMS. Your healthcare provider may invite you to share your information with J-DREAMS and it is voluntary for you to consent or refuse to consent to the transfer or sharing of such information. Your information which is transferred to and/or shared with your healthcare provider and NCGM for the purpose of J-DREAMS shall be handled in accordance with your healthcare provider’s and/or J-DREAMS’ privacy policy. The section related to +Research does not apply to users located in Norway and Abbott will not conduct research with your personal information or health-related information. If you reside in Russia, any personal information and health-related information uploaded to LibreView will be stored on servers within the territory of Russia. The following Russian IT security requirements apply: We have implemented the following administrative, physical and technical safeguards to: To meet our contractual obligations to provide you with LibreView, your personal information and health-related information may be transferred to Poland. DOC38902-006_rev-T_en-US
