Privacy policyYour privacy is critically important to us. At Always Together we have a few fundamental principles:We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals.If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.Website/App VisitorsLike most internet-service operators, Always Together collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers, apps, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Always Together’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Always Together’s visitors use its website/app.Always Together also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for users that use the services and visitors.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Always Together’s websites and users of Always Together’s apps choose to interact with Always Together in ways that require Always Together to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Always Together gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask users of our app to provide a phone number. In each case, Always Together collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Always Together. Always Together does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain product-related activities.Health and Activity data gathered as part of the fulfilment of the purpose of the platform (e.g. Steps and Workouts data from all sources connected to us such as Google Fit or Apple Health) will be stored securely and only shared with 3rd parties that facilitate the better working of the platform (e.g. analytics platform) and other users whom the data providing user explicitly approves (e.g. joining a team with friends).Health Data AccessMotion accesses only the data required for operation of services directly available to the user. This includes:Daily summary dataSteps - Displayed to the user, and used to calculate their unique score.Active energy - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Distance - Displayed to the user, and used to calculate their unique score.Personal bio infoPersonal bio info is never shared with other users, and is NOT collected from Health Connect.Height - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Weight - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Date of birth - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Biological sex - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Workout dataType/name/description - Displayed to the user.Start/end time - Displayed, and used to determin active duration.Total calories burned - Displayed, and used to calculate the user’s unique score.Laps - Displayed for relevant activities like Pool Swimming, Track Running, etc.Total distance travelled - Displayed for distance based activities like Running, Cycling, etc.)Google FitWe only collect Steps, Workouts, and distance data from the user and this data is stored in on encrypted servers and only shared according to the above, with the explicit permission of the user.We read users daily/weekly steps, as well as user Sessions(workouts) added to Google Fit storage by other third party apps. Each Session is being read with basic details that let us add those values to their total weekly progress, as outlined above.Health ConnectYou can choose to connect and share your information with Health connect, and your Health Connect information with Motion. The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect permissions policy, including the Limited use requirements.Aggregated StatisticsAlways Together may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites/apps. However, Always Together does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.sProtection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationAlways Together discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Always Together’s behalf or to provide services available at Always Together’s web-services, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Always Together’s web-services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Always Together will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Always Together discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Always Together believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Always Together, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Always Together and have supplied your email address, Always Together may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Always Together and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Always Together takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Always Together uses cookies to help Always Together identify and track visitors, their usage of Always Together website, and their website access preferences. Always Together visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Always Together’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Always Together’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Always Together, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Always Together goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Always Together may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.Deleting your AccountIf you wish to delete your account, and all personally identifying information Always Together store along with it, you can do so from the Account section in the app. More info can be found here.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Always Together may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Always Together’s sole discretion. Always Together encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of these services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Contacting usIf you have questions about this policy, please email us.Creative Commons: This privacy policy is based on one developed by Automattic and is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 License. Privacy policyYour privacy is critically important to us. At Always Together we have a few fundamental principles:We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals.If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.Website/App VisitorsLike most internet-service operators, Always Together collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers, apps, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Always Together’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Always Together’s visitors use its website/app.Always Together also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for users that use the services and visitors.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Always Together’s websites and users of Always Together’s apps choose to interact with Always Together in ways that require Always Together to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Always Together gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask users of our app to provide a phone number. In each case, Always Together collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Always Together. Always Together does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain product-related activities.Health and Activity data gathered as part of the fulfilment of the purpose of the platform (e.g. Steps and Workouts data from all sources connected to us such as Google Fit or Apple Health) will be stored securely and only shared with 3rd parties that facilitate the better working of the platform (e.g. analytics platform) and other users whom the data providing user explicitly approves (e.g. joining a team with friends).Health Data AccessMotion accesses only the data required for operation of services directly available to the user. This includes:Daily summary dataSteps - Displayed to the user, and used to calculate their unique score.Active energy - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Distance - Displayed to the user, and used to calculate their unique score.Personal bio infoPersonal bio info is never shared with other users, and is NOT collected from Health Connect.Height - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Weight - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Date of birth - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Biological sex - Used to calculate the user’s unique score.Workout dataType/name/description - Displayed to the user.Start/end time - Displayed, and used to determin active duration.Total calories burned - Displayed, and used to calculate the user’s unique score.Laps - Displayed for relevant activities like Pool Swimming, Track Running, etc.Total distance travelled - Displayed for distance based activities like Running, Cycling, etc.)Google FitWe only collect Steps, Workouts, and distance data from the user and this data is stored in on encrypted servers and only shared according to the above, with the explicit permission of the user.We read users daily/weekly steps, as well as user Sessions(workouts) added to Google Fit storage by other third party apps. Each Session is being read with basic details that let us add those values to their total weekly progress, as outlined above.Health ConnectYou can choose to connect and share your information with Health connect, and your Health Connect information with Motion. The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect permissions policy, including the Limited use requirements.Aggregated StatisticsAlways Together may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites/apps. However, Always Together does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.sProtection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationAlways Together discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Always Together’s behalf or to provide services available at Always Together’s web-services, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Always Together’s web-services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Always Together will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Always Together discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Always Together believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Always Together, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Always Together and have supplied your email address, Always Together may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Always Together and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Always Together takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Always Together uses cookies to help Always Together identify and track visitors, their usage of Always Together website, and their website access preferences. Always Together visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Always Together’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Always Together’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Always Together, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Always Together goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Always Together may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.Deleting your AccountIf you wish to delete your account, and all personally identifying information Always Together store along with it, you can do so from the Account section in the app. More info can be found here.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Always Together may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Always Together’s sole discretion. Always Together encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of these services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Contacting usIf you have questions about this policy, please email us.Creative Commons: This privacy policy is based on one developed by Automattic and is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 License. Your privacy is critically important to us. At Always Together we have a few fundamental principles: Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals. If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team. Like most internet-service operators, Always Together collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers, apps, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Always Together’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Always Together’s visitors use its website/app. Always Together also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for users that use the services and visitors. Certain visitors to Always Together’s websites and users of Always Together’s apps choose to interact with Always Together in ways that require Always Together to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Always Together gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask users of our app to provide a phone number. In each case, Always Together collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Always Together. Always Together does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain product-related activities. Health and Activity data gathered as part of the fulfilment of the purpose of the platform (e.g. Steps and Workouts data from all sources connected to us such as Google Fit or Apple Health) will be stored securely and only shared with 3rd parties that facilitate the better working of the platform (e.g. analytics platform) and other users whom the data providing user explicitly approves (e.g. joining a team with friends). Motion accesses only the data required for operation of services directly available to the user. This includes: Personal bio info is never shared with other users, and is NOT collected from Health Connect. We only collect Steps, Workouts, and distance data from the user and this data is stored in on encrypted servers and only shared according to the above, with the explicit permission of the user. We read users daily/weekly steps, as well as user Sessions(workouts) added to Google Fit storage by other third party apps. Each Session is being read with basic details that let us add those values to their total weekly progress, as outlined above. You can choose to connect and share your information with Health connect, and your Health Connect information with Motion. The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect permissions policy, including the Limited use requirements. Always Together may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites/apps. However, Always Together does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.s Always Together discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Always Together’s behalf or to provide services available at Always Together’s web-services, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Always Together’s web-services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Always Together will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Always Together discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Always Together believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Always Together, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Always Together and have supplied your email address, Always Together may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Always Together and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Always Together takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Always Together uses cookies to help Always Together identify and track visitors, their usage of Always Together website, and their website access preferences. Always Together visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Always Together’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Always Together’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. If Always Together, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Always Together goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Always Together may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. If you wish to delete your account, and all personally identifying information Always Together store along with it, you can do so from the Account section in the app. More info can be found here. Although most changes are likely to be minor, Always Together may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Always Together’s sole discretion. Always Together encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of these services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. If you have questions about this policy, please email us. Creative Commons: This privacy policy is based on one developed by Automattic and is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 License. Motion - Fitness progress made fun. © Copyright 2025. All rights reserved. Links Socials For Teams Trackers
