Get in and out faster when you book an appointment. Get in and out faster when you book an appointment. Conveniently shop online and choose from 100+ lab tests. No doctor's visit required. Conveniently shop online and choose from 100+ lab tests. No doctor's visit required. Pay in 1 of 3 convenient ways: online, by email, or with a credit, debit, or health savings card. Pay in 1 of 3 convenient ways: online, by email, or with a credit, debit, or health savings card. Have your current bill handy, as it will be needed to update or review your insurance. Have your current bill handy, as it will be needed to update or review your insurance. Is Quest in-network with your health plan? Use our convenient insurance lookup tool to find out. Is Quest in-network with your health plan? Use our convenient insurance lookup tool to find out. Log into MyQuest® to book or reschedule a lab visit, view test results, and more. Log into MyQuest® to book or reschedule a lab visit, view test results, and more. Complement your expertise with clinical consultations from Quest. Complement your expertise with clinical consultations from Quest. During the COVID-19 health crisis, fast action and trusted information matter more than ever. Find out what’s happening. During the COVID-19 health crisis, fast action and trusted information matter more than ever. Find out what’s happening. Blood-based biomarker testing may help identify patients who are candidates for early antibody treatment. Blood-based biomarker testing may help identify patients who are candidates for early antibody treatment. Resolve lab test orders faster - and streamline your workflow Resolve lab test orders faster - and streamline your workflow The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. Learn about our relationships and collaborations with academic hospitals on a wide variety of medical and scientific research. Learn about our relationships and collaborations with academic hospitals on a wide variety of medical and scientific research. Complement your expertise with ours to improve test selection and interpretation. Complement your expertise with ours to improve test selection and interpretation. Drive efficiency and better patient outcomes. Drive efficiency and better patient outcomes. Our Test Directory includes detailed information, guides, and references for many of our tests. Our Test Directory includes detailed information, guides, and references for many of our tests. Determine which patients are at risk for NAFLD and NASH with the ELF™ Score. Determine which patients are at risk for NAFLD and NASH with the ELF™ Score. Learn about innovative solutions and the latest advances in the diagnostic space that may be beneficial to your health system. Learn about innovative solutions and the latest advances in the diagnostic space that may be beneficial to your health system. The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. • Employers should make careful determinations about the drug screening program elements most beneficial for their workplace • We provide flexible solutions to help empower workplace safety in a variety of circumstances • Employers should make careful determinations about the drug screening program elements most beneficial for their workplace • We provide flexible solutions to help empower workplace safety in a variety of circumstances Detect and reduce unnecessary lab costs, while preserving quality and service for health plan members and providers. Detect and reduce unnecessary lab costs, while preserving quality and service for health plan members and providers. Millions of health plan members have a stronger network. Find out if Quest is in-network for your health plan. Millions of health plan members have a stronger network. Find out if Quest is in-network for your health plan. You can count on the domain expertise of our team of 650+ medical, scientific, and regulatory thought leaders to help you apply insight to data and make more informed decisions. You can count on the domain expertise of our team of 650+ medical, scientific, and regulatory thought leaders to help you apply insight to data and make more informed decisions. Our comprehensive test menu and assay development lab services can support your clinical trials in countries around the world and are tailored to your program and requirements. Our comprehensive test menu and assay development lab services can support your clinical trials in countries around the world and are tailored to your program and requirements. A successful launch starts with broad access. Support your commercial effectiveness with co-developed biomarker education materials and de-identified alerts on biomarker populations. A successful launch starts with broad access. Support your commercial effectiveness with co-developed biomarker education materials and de-identified alerts on biomarker populations. We’re helping Community health centers improve the engagement and health of their communities by providing access to efficient, high-quality, comprehensive health care, regardless of financial, geographic, or social barriers. We’re helping Community health centers improve the engagement and health of their communities by providing access to efficient, high-quality, comprehensive health care, regardless of financial, geographic, or social barriers. We work with ACOs to achieve better care for patients and better health for the population, through the delivery of high-quality, integrated, affordable health care. We work with ACOs to achieve better care for patients and better health for the population, through the delivery of high-quality, integrated, affordable health care. Get in and out faster when you book an appointment. Get in and out faster when you book an appointment. Conveniently shop online and choose from 100+ lab tests. No doctor's visit required. Conveniently shop online and choose from 100+ lab tests. No doctor's visit required. Pay in 1 of 3 convenient ways: online, by email, or with a credit, debit, or health savings card. Pay in 1 of 3 convenient ways: online, by email, or with a credit, debit, or health savings card. Have your current bill handy, as it will be needed to update or review your insurance. Have your current bill handy, as it will be needed to update or review your insurance. Is Quest in-network with your health plan? Use our convenient insurance lookup tool to find out. Is Quest in-network with your health plan? Use our convenient insurance lookup tool to find out. Log into MyQuest® to book or reschedule a lab visit, view test results, and more. Log into MyQuest® to book or reschedule a lab visit, view test results, and more. Complement your expertise with clinical consultations from Quest. Complement your expertise with clinical consultations from Quest. During the COVID-19 health crisis, fast action and trusted information matter more than ever. Find out what’s happening. During the COVID-19 health crisis, fast action and trusted information matter more than ever. Find out what’s happening. Blood-based biomarker testing may help identify patients who are candidates for early antibody treatment. Blood-based biomarker testing may help identify patients who are candidates for early antibody treatment. Resolve lab test orders faster - and streamline your workflow Resolve lab test orders faster - and streamline your workflow The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. Learn about our relationships and collaborations with academic hospitals on a wide variety of medical and scientific research. Learn about our relationships and collaborations with academic hospitals on a wide variety of medical and scientific research. Complement your expertise with ours to improve test selection and interpretation. Complement your expertise with ours to improve test selection and interpretation. Drive efficiency and better patient outcomes. Drive efficiency and better patient outcomes. Our Test Directory includes detailed information, guides, and references for many of our tests. Our Test Directory includes detailed information, guides, and references for many of our tests. Determine which patients are at risk for NAFLD and NASH with the ELF™ Score. Determine which patients are at risk for NAFLD and NASH with the ELF™ Score. Learn about innovative solutions and the latest advances in the diagnostic space that may be beneficial to your health system. Learn about innovative solutions and the latest advances in the diagnostic space that may be beneficial to your health system. The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. The tools and services to make your lab more efficient and optimize patient care. • Employers should make careful determinations about the drug screening program elements most beneficial for their workplace • We provide flexible solutions to help empower workplace safety in a variety of circumstances • Employers should make careful determinations about the drug screening program elements most beneficial for their workplace • We provide flexible solutions to help empower workplace safety in a variety of circumstances Detect and reduce unnecessary lab costs, while preserving quality and service for health plan members and providers. Detect and reduce unnecessary lab costs, while preserving quality and service for health plan members and providers. Millions of health plan members have a stronger network. Find out if Quest is in-network for your health plan. Millions of health plan members have a stronger network. Find out if Quest is in-network for your health plan. You can count on the domain expertise of our team of 650+ medical, scientific, and regulatory thought leaders to help you apply insight to data and make more informed decisions. You can count on the domain expertise of our team of 650+ medical, scientific, and regulatory thought leaders to help you apply insight to data and make more informed decisions. Our comprehensive test menu and assay development lab services can support your clinical trials in countries around the world and are tailored to your program and requirements. Our comprehensive test menu and assay development lab services can support your clinical trials in countries around the world and are tailored to your program and requirements. A successful launch starts with broad access. Support your commercial effectiveness with co-developed biomarker education materials and de-identified alerts on biomarker populations. A successful launch starts with broad access. Support your commercial effectiveness with co-developed biomarker education materials and de-identified alerts on biomarker populations. We’re helping Community health centers improve the engagement and health of their communities by providing access to efficient, high-quality, comprehensive health care, regardless of financial, geographic, or social barriers. We’re helping Community health centers improve the engagement and health of their communities by providing access to efficient, high-quality, comprehensive health care, regardless of financial, geographic, or social barriers. We work with ACOs to achieve better care for patients and better health for the population, through the delivery of high-quality, integrated, affordable health care. We work with ACOs to achieve better care for patients and better health for the population, through the delivery of high-quality, integrated, affordable health care. We know that privacy is important to you. Your privacy is important to us too. This Notice explains how Quest Diagnostics and its affiliates (“Quest”, “we”, “our”) collect information from or about you (“you” or “your”) when you visit the websites or any applications, social media networks, interactive features, and other services that link to this Notice (the “Platforms”), and how we use, maintain, protect and disclose that information. If you are using our Platforms in connection with our HIPAA covered services, please refer to our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, which describes how we use and disclose your protected health information, our legal duties with respect to your protected health information, and your rights with respect to your protected health information and how you may exercise them. In connection with HIPAA covered services, in the event of conflict between this Notice and our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will prevail. We may collect information about you including non-personally identifiable information and/or “Personal Information,” which is information that may identify, relate to, describe, or be capable of being associated with or reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular identified or identifiable person or household. Personal Information we might collect includes data such as the following: Type of Information Categories of Sources Business or commercial purposes for collection Disclosed for a Business Purpose? Third parties to whom Disclosed for Business Purpose Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, signature, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. Direct contact with users through the Platforms, phone, email, web form and social media; collection of IP address from your internet service provider. As described below, e.g., to provide you with products and services, for internal purposes, and for search engine optimization and enhancement. Yes Service providers, marketing and promotional partners, other entities that provide a service directly to you. Financial information such as credit card number or debit card number and address or other information related to a billing or payment transaction. Direct contact with users through the Platforms, phone, email and social media; from subsidiaries and affiliates and third parties. As described below, e.g., to provide you with products, schedule an appointment, or complete transactions, and for internal purposes. Yes Service providers and affiliates. Professional or employment-related information. Direct contact with users through the Platforms, phone, email and social media and from service providers assisting in filling open positions. To process applications for potential employment and for internal employment and benefit purposes. Yes Service providers; where permitted or with consent, with third parties such as future employers or pursuant to legal request. Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Platforms, cookies and other tracking technologies, third parties and affiliates such as service providers. As described below, e.g., for internal and marketing purposes. Yes Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, form submissions, email unsubscribes and subscribes, email engagement or advertisement. Platforms. As described below regarding cookies, e.g., for internal purposes and for marketing purposes, as described in our Cookie Notice. Yes Service providers, analytics, marketing, and promotional partners. Geolocation data. Platforms; e.g. to provide nearby Patient Service Center locations. As described below regarding cookies, e.g., for internal, marketing, and other operational and business purposes. Yes Service providers, marketing and promotional partners. Inferences drawn from any personal information collected to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Direct contact with users through the Platforms, phone, email and social media; cookies and other tracking technologies, third parties and affiliates such as service providers. As described below, in order to facilitate more targeted marketing, as well as for internal reporting and analytics purposes. Yes Service providers, marketing and promotional partners, third parties for operational purposes. Quest employee information, including employee identification number, identifiers and address details, contact information, employment details, job location, financial or payroll related information, other potentially sensitive personal information including National or State Identification Numbers for various employment-related purposes or background checks, and dependent information for the administration of certain employee benefits or programs. Direct contact with Quest employees and any third-party employee recruitment sources. To conduct background checks and for other purposes in the ordinary course of employment (e.g., to facilitate onboarding processes, manage compensation, provide benefits, review performance, etc.). Yes Service providers, marketing and promotional partners, third parties for operational purposes. Sensitive personal information, including driver’s license number, national or state identification number, citizenship status, immigration status, race, national origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, sex life, precise or specific geolocation, information concerning your health, and genetic information. Direct contact with users and Quest employees, or through Platforms (e.g. to provide nearby Patient Service Center locations). Internal reporting and analytics purposes, for other purposes in the ordinary course of employment, and to facilitate more targeted marketing. Yes Service providers, analytics, marketing, and promotional partners, and third parties for operational purposes. We do not consider Personal Information to include information that can no longer be used to identify a specific natural person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise. For example, de-identified or aggregated consumer information. Additionally, the following types of information are not considered Personal Information: If we combine non-personally identifiable information with Personal Information, we will treat such information appropriately, but not all rights may apply to the non-personally identifiable information portion. We may use your Personal Information: We may also use your Personal Information to: We may use Precise Location Data from your device in accordance with the device’s consent process on some of our Platforms to help us improve your user experience and provide information that is relevant to you, such as nearby Patient Service Center locations. When you choose to print or email one of your results from within the MyQuest application, the result file is temporarily stored on your mobile device to aid in more efficient delivery of your result. The result file will be deleted from your mobile device storage once the action of printing or emailing is complete. Quest Diagnostics retains your Personal Information only for as long as is necessary for our legitimate business purposes. We will retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal, accounting, or reporting obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Additionally, we may continue to store your Personal Information contained in our standard back-ups. This applies to all categories of Personal Information in use by us. We do not sell Personal Information. We may disclose the following categories of Personal Information to the categories of third parties listed below for the purpose of targeted or cross-context advertising (under California law, this is called “Sharing”): Type of Information Disclosed for Targeted Advertising? Third parties to whom Disclosed for Targeted Advertising Business or commercial purposes for Disclosing for Targeted Advertising Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. Yes Marketing and promotional third parties such as advertising and social networks. For marketing our products and services to you, and promoting career opportunities. Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Yes Marketing and promotional third parties such as advertising and social networks. For marketing our products and services to you, and promoting career opportunities. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement. Yes Marketing and promotional third parties such as advertising and social networks. For marketing our products and services to you, and promoting career opportunities. Geolocation data. Yes Marketing and promotional third parties such as advertising and social networks. For marketing our products and services to you, and promoting career opportunities. Inferences drawn from any personal information collected to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Yes Marketing and promotional third parties such as advertising and social networks. For marketing our products and services to you, and promoting career opportunities. No text message opt-in status information will be shared with or sold to third parties/affiliates for their own marketing/promotional purposes. Text messaging originator opt-in data and consent information will not be shared with any third parties, including affiliate or business partners. We also use and disclose your information pursuant to a subpoena, court order or other legal process, to establish or exercise our legal rights, or defend against legal claims. The opt-in is not transferable to another party involved in the process. Our websites, like almost all other websites, use cookies and other technologies to make the website work as you expect and to collect and share information. Please see our Cookie Notice for more information. Quest Diagnostics has adopted physical, technical and administrative measures that are designed to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure appropriate use of Personal Information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of information. No security measures are infallible. If you are using a Quest Diagnostics Platform for which you registered and chose a password, you should not divulge your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also, remember to sign out of the Quest Diagnostics Platform and close your browser window when you have finished your work. Please note that unencrypted email is not a secure method of transmission, as information in such emails may be accessed and viewed by others while in transit to us. For this reason, we prefer that you not communicate confidential or sensitive information to us via regular unencrypted email. We will, however, honor patient requests for communications through unencrypted email. Our Platforms may be accessed from or contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. If you access those links, you will leave our Platforms. Quest does not control those third party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites, including about the content or security of those sites. The information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by this Notice. We do not knowingly collect information from children (as defined by COPPA) and we do not target our Platforms to children. If we learn that we have collected any information from children, we will delete it. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), which applies to websites that direct their services to children under the age of thirteen (13), please visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/complying-coppa-frequently-asked-questions. Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to Personal Information that we have collected and used under certain circumstances, which may include the following: If you are a resident of a state that confers any of these rights, and would like to make a request to exercise these rights, you may visit your state’s section below for more information. Residents of California have a right to direct businesses not to sell their Personal Information or share their Personal Information for targeted advertising. Residents of other certain U.S. states have the right to direct businesses not to process their Personal Information for other specified purposes, which may include: (i) targeted advertising, (ii) sale, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. This is known as the “right to opt out.” We do not sell your Personal Information. However, when you visit our websites, we may share information about your use of our website with our advertising and analytics partners. You can opt out of sharing or using your Personal Information for the purposes of targeted advertising, by interacting with the cookie banner that may appear at the bottom of Quest websites the first time you come to the website or the “Your Privacy Choices” link that may appear in the footer of our websites. You can also opt back into these cookies through the same link. We do not use your Personal Information for profiling to make decisions that would have a legal or similarly significant effect concerning you. You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by Quest for exercising any of your privacy rights conferred by your state’s consumer privacy laws. Quest will not discriminate against any consumer because such person exercised any of the consumer’s rights under these privacy laws, including, but not limited to: Quest may, however, charge a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is related to the value of your data. To make a request to exercise your privacy rights you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. Certain state residents may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We will comply with requests made by authorized agents as required by applicable law. We will deny requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization from you. To verify that an authorized agent has authority to act for you, we may require a copy of a power of attorney or require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission and verify your own identity with us. We will confirm our receipt of your request within 10 days. If you have not received a response within a few days after that, please let us know by contacting us at the webpage or phone number listed above. We will respond to your request within 45 days. If necessary, we may need additional time to respond, up to another 45 days, but we will reply either way within the first 45-day period and, if we need an extension, we will explain why. For certain types of requests, we may need to verify your identity. In those cases, you will need to provide us with certain information such as your name, email address, physical address, or other information, as relevant, so that we can verify that you are who you say you are. Which information may depend on the type and sensitivity of information requested. In certain cases, we may deny a request. For example, we may deny a request if we cannot verify your identity or if providing you the information could create an unreasonable risk to someone’s security (for example, we do not want very sensitive information disclosed inappropriately), or we may deny a request for deletion if the law requires that we maintain the information (e.g., to comply with federal and state medical record retention requirements); or, if we need the information for internal purposes such as to continue to provide you services. If we deny your request, we will explain why we denied it. If you are a California resident, you have the right to These rights will not apply, however, if Quest Diagnostics does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section above. “Shine the Light” Law Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents with whom we have an established business relationship are entitled to request and receive, free of charge, once per calendar year, information about the Personal Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses during the prior year. If you are a Colorado resident, you have the right to These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Connecticut resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Delaware resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are an Iowa resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Maryland resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Minnesota resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Montana resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Nebraska resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a New Hampshire resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a New Jersey resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are an Oregon resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. In Oregon, Quest operates under the following business names and assumed business names: Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, Quest Diagnostics®, and Quest®. If you are a Tennessee resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Texas resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Utah resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. If you are a Virginia resident, you have the right to: These rights will not apply, however, if Quest does not collect any Personal Information about you or if all of the information we collect is exempt (for example, information that is already protected by certain other privacy laws such as HIPAA and information that is already publicly available). To make a request, you may visit our online request form. You may also call (833) 341-0196. To exercise your right to appeal, you may email us at privacy@questdiagnostics.com and include the Request ID from your previous request. For further details on the types of Personal Information we have collected about you, the sources of that information, how we use the information (e.g., our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information), other individuals and business with whom we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, please visit the Information We Collect section. Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was provided, including transfers to the U.S. (i.e., a 'Recipient' country). Quest Diagnostics will use mechanisms for any such transfer as required under applicable law. If You have questions concerning the transfer of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details set out below. If you are located outside of the United States, please click the following link(s) for additional information regarding your privacy rights: Europe (EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland); Canada. As further described in our Data Privacy Framework Policy, Quest Diagnostics and certain US-based affiliated companies comply with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (EU-US Framework), UK Extension to the EU-US Framework, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively the Data Privacy Framework) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Quest Diagnostics has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the Data Privacy Framework, the Data Privacy Framework shall govern. To learn more about the US Department of Commerce Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. Please refer to our Non-Discrimination Notice which includes language assistance services. From time to time, we may change this Privacy Notice. If we make changes, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the bottom of this Notice. We encourage you to review this Notice periodically to be sure you are aware of those changes. Changes will become effective as of the “Last Updated” date. Should you have any questions about this Notice or our privacy practices more generally, please email us at Privacy@QuestDiagnostics.com or write to us at: Quest Diagnostics Attention: Privacy Office 500 Plaza Drive Secaucus, NJ 07094 You can also call us at 800-222-0446, ext. 1020123. Last Updated: September 30, 2025. Privacy HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Canada Global Privacy Notice (Jurisdictions Outside North America) Data Privacy Framework Quest® is the brand name used for services offered by Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and its affiliated companies. Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and certain affiliates are CLIA-certified laboratories that provide HIPAA-covered services. Other affiliates operated under the Quest® brand, such as Quest Consumer Inc., do not provide HIPAA-covered services. Quest®, Quest Diagnostics®, any associated logos, and all associated Quest Diagnostics registered or unregistered trademarks are the property of Quest Diagnostics. All third-party marks—® and ™—are the property of their respective owners. © 2025 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. All rights reserved. Image content features models and is intended for illustrative purposes only. You are now leaving the Quest Diagnostics web site. Quest Diagnostics does not control the site you are about to enter and accepts no responsibility for its content. We'll redirect you to MyDocBill.com, the website of Quest’s billing services provider. Here, Quest patients have secure access to pay their bill, update insurance, edit their profile and view their account history. To schedule an appointment for your employer health and wellness screening (biometric screening), we need to redirect you to the Health & Wellness website. Please visit our appointment scheduling page to make your appointment.
