We’ll be conducting routine maintenance on Saturday, August 3rd.
Our phone system will be unavailable during this time, but you’ll be able to chat with our live agents 24/7 or you can email Support.

Noom’s mission is to help as many people as possible live healthier lives through behavior change. We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect through our websites, apps, devices, and other products and services, how we use it, and what choices you have about it.

Please note, this policy does not cover data we handle on behalf of other entities. Those practices are covered by our agreements with those entities. Please see those privacy policies for how they handle your data.

Table of Contents

How we collect information

What we do with the info we collect

How and when we share your information

How long we keep your information

Your rights and choices

Research participation

Transferring your information

State-specific disclosures

Residents of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland

Changes to this Policy

The information we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the choices you make. We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our services, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, information from third-party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data.

Information you provide: When you sign up for or use Noom, you share certain information, such as:

Technical information collected automatically when you use Noom: When you use our website or mobile application, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. Here are some of the types of information we collect:

Log data: When you use Noom, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes your IP address, browser type and settings, and the date and time you used Noom.

Geolocation data: Depending on your device and app settings, we collect geolocation data when you use our apps or online services. For example, we may infer your general geographic location (such as city, state, and country) based on your IP address.

Cookie data: We and our partners also use cookies, web beacons, mobile analytics and advertising device IDs, and similar technologies. We and our partners use these technologies in websites, apps, and online services to collect personal data (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) when you use our services, including personal data about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, or online services. For more information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.

Device information: In addition to log data, we collect information about the device you’re using Noom on, including the type of device, operating system, settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data.

Usage data and customization: When you’re on Noom, we use your activity—such as the foods you typically log— to customize your experience. We also automatically log your other activity on our websites, apps, and connected products, including the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, and other details about your use of and actions on our website.

Sensor data: We may also receive data from third party sensors you choose to connect; for example, you can choose to connect your Apple Watch Health App with Noom so we can receive and help you track your step and exercise data.

Information we create or generate: We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”). For example, we may infer your BMI from your height and weight.

Information collected from third-party services: We also obtain the types of information described above from third parties. These third-party sources include, for example:

When you are asked to provide your information, you may decline or use browser or device controls to prevent certain types of data collection. In some cases, if you choose not to provide information that is necessary, some services or features may not be available or fully functional.

We’re committed to providing a service that’s relevant, interesting, and personalized. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience. For example:

We combine data we collect from different sources for these purposes, and to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. See Your rights and choices for information about how to update or change your preferences.

We may share your information with, for example:

Some of the information disclosures to these third parties may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information as defined under the laws of California and other U.S. states. Please see “Your rights and choices” and “State-specific disclosures” below for more details.

We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide our services to you, fulfill the purposes described in this policy, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Actual retention periods can vary significantly based on your expectations and consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls, and our legal or contractual obligations.

Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices regarding your information. If you have a Noom account, many of these controls are built directly into your settings. For example, you can:

In some jurisdictions, these controls and choices may be enforceable as rights under applicable law.

Access and portability of your information: We can usually share this with you in a portable format within 30 days of you asking us. To request data export, please contact us at support@noom.com using the email address tied to your Noom account.

Correction and deletion of your information: You can log into your profile to update your information, or delete your data at any time by closing your account. Please note that there may be legal reasons for us to keep your data, such as if we receive a law enforcement request asking us to preserve data. To request account deletion, please contact us at support@noom.com using the email address tied to your Noom account.

Object to us processing your information: You can ask us to stop using your information for certain purposes, including when we use your information to send you marketing emails or SMS messages. If you opt-out of receiving marketing messages from us, we may still send you updates about your account, such as when you request reminders from us to log in.

Targeted advertising: To learn how to opt-out from or change your preferences for targeted advertising, please visit our Cookie Policy.

Data sharing or sales: Some privacy laws define “data sharing” or “sales” to include some of the disclosures described in “How and when we share your information” above. Please follow the “Your Privacy Choices” link to learn more about opting out from these kinds of disclosures.

Browser or device controls: To learn how to use browser and device controls to express your choices, including the Global Privacy Control, please visit our Cookie Policy. If you have questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us.

We are committed to validating our approach to lifelong behavior change using science. We publish using only aggregated, de-identified data. If you would not like your information used in our studies, please fill out the opt out of Noom research form. You may view the Advarra Institutional Review Board (IRB) Informed Consent document.

The information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers process data. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States. These locations were chosen to operate efficiently and improve our performance.

We take steps to protect your information as described in this policy wherever the data are located, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal data protections, please visit: https://commission.europa.eu/document/fa09cbad-dd7d-4684-ae60-be03fcb0fddf_en.

If you are a customer covered by “Washington’s My Health, my Data” Act or Nevada’s SB 370, please visit Noom’s Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice.

Residents of certain states may have additional rights and choices, including:

Notice at Collection: You have a right to receive notice of our practices before or when we collect your information, including the categories of information and sensitive personal information collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details in this policy under the headers above.

Right to Know: You have a right to see the information we have collected about you. You may request your information by contacting us at support@noom.com using the email address tied to your Noom account.You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, selling or sharing of such information. You can find those details in this policy under the headers above.

Rights to Request Correction or Deletion: You also have rights to request that we correct inaccurate information about you or delete your information. You can log into your profile to update your information, or delete your data at any time by  logging into your account or by contacting us at support@noom.com using the email address tied to your Noom account. Please note that there may be legal reasons for us to keep your data, such as if we receive a law enforcement request asking us to preserve data.

Right to Opt-Out/Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: NOTICE: This website may sell your sensitive personal data. You have a right to opt-out from the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information. You also have a right to limit our use of sensitive personal information for purposes other than to provide Noom. Please visit Your Privacy Choices if you do not wish for us or our partners to share information relating to you and your use of Noom for marketing and advertising purposes.

Noom does not sell or share the personal information of children or teens.

Right Against Discrimination: Noom will never discriminate against you for exercising these rights.

You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.

Lastly, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which they have established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.

If the processing of your information is subject to the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), or Swiss data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:

To make such requests, please contact us at GDPRsupport@noom.com. When we are processing data on behalf of another party that is the “data controller,” you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.

We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing your information. For example, with your consent or as necessary to provide the services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.

If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact us at GDPRsupport@noom.com.

If you think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission in Ireland or with your local supervisory authority.

We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Noom after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or obtain your consent to the changes.

The best way to get in touch with us is by emailing support@noom.com or at

Noom, Inc.Attention: Privacy OfficerOne Palmer Square, Suite 441Princeton, NJ 08542

Updated Oct 1, 2024.

Copyright © 2025 Noom, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Please wait while you are redirected to the right page...
