Introducing Syndigo OpenAI Connect and Syndigo GEO for Agentic Commerce Readiness. Syndigo Privacy Notice Last updated: March 20, 2025 Syndigo LLC and any affiliate entity controlled directly or indirectly by it (collectively, “Syndigo”, “we”, “us”, “our”) take the protection of your personal data (“Personal Data”) very seriously. Please read this Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) to learn what we’re doing with your Personal Data, how we protect it, and your privacy rights. This Notice is designed to assist you to understand how and why we process your Personal Data when: Within the scope of this Notice, Syndigo is the business that makes the decisions about the processing of your Personal Data (also known as the “data controller” or “business”), unless expressly specified otherwise. This Notice does not cover: This Notice tells you, among other things: The table below describes the categories of Personal Data we have collected about you in the last twelve months. We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data without informing you. We use cookies and other online tracking technologies on our Website and in our applications. To learn about Syndigo’s use of cookies on the Website, please read our Cookie Notice. To learn about Syndigo’s use of cookies in CES, read the CES Cookie Notice. We process your Personal Data for the following purposes: To achieve the above purposes, we need to perform different types of processing activities on your Personal Data, such as storage, access, transmission, consultation, manipulation, and combination. When the purposes of processing are satisfied, we will delete the related Personal Data within thirty (30) days, or upon receipt of a verified request. You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making. There will always be human intervention into decisions based on automated processing, including automated analytics, testing, and profiling. If this position changes, or there is a need and lawful basis to do so, we will inform you. We share your Personal Data with certain service providers who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or servicing you. The categories of service providers to which we may disclose your Personal Data include: We enter into agreements with our service providers (also known as “processors”) to ensure that they keep your Personal Data confidential, only use it for the services they provide to Syndigo and treat your Personal Data with the same level of protection that we do. Syndigo does not sell your Personal Data in the conventional sense (for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you or analyze our Website traffic and we share your Personal Data with these business partners for this purpose and their use. Making Personal Data (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies is considered a “sale” under applicable data protection and privacy laws. If you would like to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data that take place via cookies and other online tracking technologies, you can learn how below in the Privacy Rights section of this Notice. We may disclose your Personal Data to the extent required by law or if we have a good-faith belief that we need to disclose it to comply with official investigations or legal proceedings (whether initiated by governmental/law enforcement officials, or private parties). If we have to disclose your Personal Data to governmental/law enforcement officials, we may not be able to ensure that those officials will maintain the privacy and security of your Personal Data. We may also disclose your Personal Data if we sell or transfer all or some of our company’s business interests, assets, or both, or in connection with a corporate restructuring. Finally, we may disclose your Personal Data to our subsidiaries or affiliates, but only if necessary for business purposes, as described in the section above. We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data for any legal purpose. Such data does not include any Personal Data. The purposes may include analyzing usage trends or seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, and customers. Syndigo is headquartered in the United States of America (“U.S.”) and its data centers are primarily in the U.S. Syndigo also uses many U.S.-based services providers. This means that your Personal Data is primarily stored by us and our service providers in the U.S. However, we operate globally through our affiliates, subsidiaries, and services providers. This means that we may store and transfer your Personal Data to our affiliates, subsidiaries, and service providers who are in different countries if it is relevant for the delivery of our Services and products, or applicable for business operations. Note if you are located in the EU: Some of our service providers and affiliates are located outside of the European Union or the European Economic Area. In some cases, the European Commission may have determined the data protection laws of some countries provide a level of protection equivalent to European Union law. You can see here the list of countries that the European Commission has recognized as providing an adequate level of protection to Personal Data. We will only transfer your Personal Data to third parties in countries not recognized as providing an adequate level of protection to Personal Data when there are appropriate safeguards in place. These safeguards include the European-Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses under Article 46.2 of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Data Privacy Framework (as defined below), or other approved mechanisms. For individuals whose Personal Data is safeguarded by the Data Privacy Framework: Before sending your Personal Data to a third party, we will do one of two things: We are accountable and liable for the protection of your Personal Data when we transfer it to others except when we can prove that we are not responsible for an event that leads to any unauthorized or improper processing. Note if you are located in Brazil: Some of these third parties may be located outside of Brazil. In some cases, the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (“ANPD”) may have determined that certain countries’ data protection laws provide an equivalent level of protection to the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”). Where this is not the case, we will only transfer your Personal Data to third parties located in other countries when there are appropriate safeguards in place which the ANPD has confirmed as acceptable. With respect to Personal Data processed in the scope of this Notice, Syndigo LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (and its UK Extension) and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the “Data Privacy Framework”) as adopted and put forward by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the processing of Personal Data. Syndigo LLC commits to upholding the Data Privacy Framework Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Notice and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/. Syndigo LLC is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. Where a privacy complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal processes, we have agreed to participate in the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure. Subject to the terms of the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure, VeraSafe will provide appropriate recourse free of charge to you. To file a complaint with VeraSafe and participate in the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure, please submit the required information through the web form located here: https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/. If a complaint or dispute related to Personal Data cannot be resolved through Syndigo’s internal process, in addition to the VeraSafe Dispute Resolution Procedure, Syndigo has agreed to cooperate with the EU data protection authorities (“DPAs”), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“FDPIC”), and to take part in the dispute resolution procedures of the panel established by such data protection authorities. If your dispute or complaint cannot be resolved by us, nor through the dispute resolution program established by VeraSafe or the dispute resolution procedures established by the DPAs, the ICO or the FDPIC, you may have the right to require that we enter into binding arbitration with you pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework’s “Recourse, Enforcement and Liability Principle” and Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework. Whenever Personal Data is collected and processed, there is always a slight risk that the Personal Data may be breached, misused, or otherwise result in a harm to you. However, we take several measures to ensure that this risk is mitigated as much as possible. These measures include limiting the Personal Data about you that we collect and process to solely what is necessary, not collecting sensitive Personal Data about you, and implementing appropriate security measures, as described in this Notice. The GDPR and other applicable data protection laws require that we have a valid reason to use your Personal Data. This is called the “lawful basis for processing.” When operating as a data controller, we may process your Personal Data: When we rely on legitimate interests as a lawful basis of processing, you have the right to ask us more about how we decided to choose this legal basis. To do so, please use the contact details provided at the end of this Notice. Where we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you may withdraw it at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before you withdrew your consent. It will also not affect the validity of our processing of Personal Data performed on other lawful grounds. Where we receive your Personal Data as part of providing our Services to you based on a contract, we require such Personal Data to be able to carry out the contract. Without that necessary Personal Data, we will not be able to provide the Services to you. You have specific rights regarding your Personal Data collected and processed by us. Please note that you can only exercise these rights with respect to Personal Data that we process about you when we act as a data controller or as a “business”. To exercise your rights with respect to information processed by us on behalf of one of our customers, please read the privacy notice of that customer. Syndigo acknowledges the right of EU, UK and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework and will grant individuals reasonable access to Personal Data we received pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete such information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or processed in violation of the Data Privacy Framework Principles. Additionally, if we have received your Personal Data in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework, you may also have the right to opt out of having your Personal Data shared with third parties and to revoke your consent to our sharing your Personal Data with third parties. You may also have the right to opt out if your Personal Data is used for any purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or which you originally authorized. An individual may request to access their Personal Data, or otherwise correct, amend, delete, withdraw their consent or limit the processing of their Personal Data in line with the Data Privacy Framework Principles by contacting us. In this section, we first describe those rights and then we explain how you can exercise those rights. This is called the right to be informed. It means that you have the right to obtain from us all information regarding our data processing activities that concern you, such as how we collect and use your Personal Data, how long we will keep it, and who it will be shared with, among other things. We are informing you of how we process your Personal Data with this Notice. This is called the right of access. This right allows you to ask for full details of the Personal Data we hold about you. You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not we process Personal Data concerning you, and, where that is the case, a copy or access to the Personal Data and certain related information. Once we receive and confirm that the request comes from you or your authorized agent, we will disclose to you: Please take into account that certain data protection laws allows us not to satisfy your access request when: Certain data protection laws do not allow us to disclose account passwords or security questions and answers. We can inform you that we have this information generally, but we may not provide the specific items to you for security and legal reasons. This is called the right to rectification. It gives you the right to ask us to correct anything that you think is wrong with the Personal Data we have on file about you and to complete any incomplete Personal Data. This is called the right to erasure, right to deletion or the “right to be forgotten”. This right means you can ask for your Personal Data to be deleted. You may be able to remove information from your account after logging in or even to entirely delete your account on our Services. If there is any other Personal Data you would like deleted, you can ask us to do so using the contact information listed in this Notice. Sometimes we can delete your information, but other times it may not be possible, such as when the law tells us we cannot do so. If that is the case, we will consider if we can limit how we use it. There may also be circumstances where we deny your request to delete your information under applicable law, such as if we or our service providers need to retain the Personal Data to: This is called the right to restrict processing. It is the right to ask us to only use or store your Personal Data for certain purposes. You have this right in certain occasions, such as where you believe the data is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful. This right enables you to ask us to suspend the usage of Personal Data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it. This is called the right to object. This is your right to tell us to stop using your Personal Data. You have this right where we rely on a legitimate interest of ours (or of a third party). Also, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. We will stop processing the relevant Personal Data unless: (i) we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights, or freedoms; or (ii) we need to continue processing your Personal Data to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim This is called the right to data portability. It is the right to ask for and download Personal Data about you that you have given us or that you have generated by virtue of the use of our services, so that you can: We will provide your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. When you make a data portability request electronically, we will provide you a copy in electronic format. Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis for processing your Personal Data, you may withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, our use of your Personal Data before you withdraw is still lawful. If you have given consent for your details to be shared with a third party, and wish to withdraw this consent, please also contact the relevant third party in order to change your preferences. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights, meaning we will not: If the GDPR applies to the processing of your Personal Data with us, the GDPR grants you the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you are not satisfied with how we process your Personal Data. In particular, you can lodge a complaint in the Member State of the European Union of your habitual residence, place of work, or of the alleged violation of the GDPR. If the LGPD applies to the processing of your Personal Data with us, the LGPD grants you the right to lodge a complaint with the ANPD if you are not satisfied with how we process your Personal Data. Depending on the region where you are located, you have the “right to opt out” of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Data, which means you have the right to ask us to not sell or share your Personal Data at any time for specified purposes. A “sale” includes disclosing or making available Personal Data to a third party (other than a service provider) in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. Under certain data protection laws, “sharing” includes disclosing or making available personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising. Our use of some online tracking technologies for statistical and marketing purposes is the only sale or share of your Personal Data by Syndigo. To opt out of the sale or sharing of Personal Data, you can change your consent preferences through our cookie consent management platform. In particular, you need to choose not to allow the following categories of cookies: Statistics and marketing. Please consider that the preferences you submit through the cookie consent management platform, including your requests to opt out from the sale of personal information, may be stored in cookies or similar technologies that are specific to your browser. If this browser is configured to block cookies or similar technologies, our tool may not be able to store your preferences. In addition, deleting cookies on this browser may result in your preferences being removed. If your preferences are removed after you delete cookies from this browser, you will have to update these preferences again. Also, remember that private browsing technologies (such as incognito mode) automatically delete all local storage and cookies when the browsing session ends, preventing us from recording your choice made during the session, and from accessing any local storage created outside of the current session, which does not enable us to access the choice you made during a normal or previous private browsing session. We’ll only store your preferences in this browser. Because some companies may not connect information about this browser with other web browsers or devices you may use (such as a web browser on another computer you may use, or one on a mobile device), you need update your preferences through the cookie consent management platform to set your preferences separately for other browsers or devices you may use. You can also alter the configuration of your browser to reject certain types of online tracking technologies. Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” (DNT) feature, but there’s no agreed-upon standard for how websites should respond. Therefore, we currently do not support DNT requests. For more information about how to manage and delete cookies in your browser, please visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-and-delete-cookies. As our use of some of the cookies for statistical and marketing purposes is the only sale of your Personal Data that Syndigo may be engaging in, the only way to opt in to sales of Personal Data is to change your cookie preferences through our cookie consent management platform. In particular, you need to choose to allow the following categories of cookies: Statistics and Marketing. To exercise any of the rights described above, please submit a request by either: Bear in mind that to evaluate your privacy rights requests, we need to be sure it was you who made the request. Consequently, we may need some information to confirm that you are who you say you are. For requests submitted via password-protected accounts, your identity is already verified. For requests sent by other means, you will need to provide us with sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Data. Generally, we will request only information that we may have about you to confirm your identity, but under some circumstances we may require additional information or documentation to complete your request. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request. Making a request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use the Personal Data you provide us in a request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. Please note that you may only make a consumer request to know or data portability twice within a 12-month period under the CCPA. If you are submitting a request on behalf of somebody else, we will need to verify your authority to act on behalf of that individual. When contacting us, please provide us with proof that the individual gave you signed permission to submit this request. Alternatively, you may ask the individual to directly contact us by using the contact details above to verify their identity with us and confirm that they gave you permission to submit this request. We will only use the Personal Data you provide us in a request to verify your authority. We will confirm receipt of your request within ten (10) days and, in that communication, we will also describe our identity verification process (if needed) and when you should expect a response, unless we have already granted or denied the request. Please allow us up to thirty (30) days to reply to you from the day we received your request. If we need more time (up to 90 days in total), we will inform you of the reason why, and the extension period, in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will send our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. If we cannot satisfy a request from you, we will also explain why in our response. We will not charge a fee for processing or responding to your requests unless we determine that your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. In those cases, we will tell you why we made that determination and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Syndigo provides business to business products and Services. The Website and Services are not directed at, or intended for use by, children. We are strongly committed to keeping your Personal Data safe. We have implemented and will maintain technical, administrative, and physical measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized processing. Unauthorized processing includes unauthorized access, exfiltration, theft, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. If we make any material change to this Notice, we will post the revised Notice to this web page. We will also update the “Effective” date. By continuing to use the Website after we post any of these changes, you accept the modified Notice. In our latest update as of the Last Updated Date, we implemented the following changes: If you have any questions about this Notice, our processing of your Personal Data, or want to submit a grievance or verifiable consumer request, please write to the Syndigo privacy team by email at privacy@syndigo.com or contact us by postal mail at: Syndigo LLCAttn: Debra Osborn, Senior Counsel141 W. Jackson Blvd., Suite 1375Chicago, IL 60604United States Please allow up to four weeks for us to reply. We have appointed VeraSafe as our representative in the EU for data protection matters. While you may also contact us, VeraSafe can be contacted on matters related to the processing of Personal Data. To contact VeraSafe, please use this contact form: https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative or via telephone at: +420 228 881 031. Alternatively, VeraSafe can be contacted at: VeraSafe Ireland LtdUnit 3D North Point HouseNorth Point Business ParkNew Mallow RoadCork, T23AT2PIreland We have appointed VeraSafe as our representative in the UK for data protection matters. While you may also contact us, VeraSafe can be contacted on matters related to the processing of Personal Data. To contact VeraSafe, please use this contact form: https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative or via telephone at +44 (20) 4532 2003. Alternatively, VeraSafe can be contacted at: VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd.37 Albert EmbankmentLondon SE1 7TLUnited Kingdom We have appointed VeraSafe as our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”). While you may contact us directly, VeraSafe can also be contacted on matters related to the processing of Personal Data. VeraSafe’s contact details are: VeraSafe, LLC100 M Street S.E., Suite 600Washington, D.C. 20003USA Email: experts@verasafe.comWeb: https://www.verasafe.com/about-verasafe/contact-us/ We have appointed VeraSafe as Syndigo’s Grievance Officer pursuant to the requirements of India’s Information Technology Act, 2000, read with the Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information (SPDI) Rules, 2011. VeraSafe may be contacted using the contact details provided below. VeraSafe, LLC100 M Street S.E., Suite 600Washington, D.C. 20003 USA+1 (617) 398-7067experts@verasafe.com Your grievance will be addressed within one month from the date of receipt. 141 W Jackson Blvd.Suite 1375Chicago, IL 60604 1720 West Detweiller DrivePeoria, IL 61615 © 2025 Syndigo LLC. All rights reserved.
