April 21, 2025

At ŌURA, protecting your personal data is a task we take seriously. Our products are designed to help you to track important aspects of your health like your daily habits, reproductive health, and the quality of your sleep – we understand that data does not get much more personal than this. That's why we firmly believe that you should be in charge when it comes to your personal data.

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is designed to provide you with the information you need to take control of your personal data, which is a fundamental aspect of empowering your health journey. Please take a moment to carefully review this Policy.

This Policy applies to processing of personal data by Oura Health Oy and Ouraring Inc.  and its subsidiaries(collectively, "Oura") when you visit our web properties (“Sites”); use the Oura Ring with the Oura App, Oura on the Web, or use other Oura services (“Services”).

The sections below explain the categories of personal data we collect and process, as well as the reasons we do so. You will also find information on our legal basis for processing your data, and our data sources.

When you use Oura Services, we collect and processes your personal data for the following purposes:

Data protection law in Europe and the U.K. requires a "lawful basis" for collecting and retaining personal information from residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases for processing your data depend on the particular processing purposes, including:

In most cases, Oura collects personal data directly from you, such as when you register for an account, tag your data in the Oura mobile or web app, or use your Oura Ring. We may also process personal data that is produced from the information you provide to us. Oura may also rely on trusted third-party processors to process data on our behalf, such as our cloud service providers.

Oura processes the following personal data categories when you use our Services:

Please note that some of the personal data we process, including any data concerning your health, is considered special or sensitive personal data. Under applicable law, such data is processed only if you have given your consent for processing. If you access or use any of Oura's location-based services, such as by enabling GPS-based activity tracking through our Services, Oura may process the approximate or precise location of your device while the service is active. This data may be obtained via your device's service provider network ID, GPS, and/or Wi-Fi data. Oura does not process such location data without first obtaining your consent. You may disable such location processing at any time using your device's location permission settings. If you choose to disable access to location data, please note that certain Services, features, or functionalities may no longer be accessible.

Please also note that if you give your opt-in consent through our Services, you may share limited personal information like your current and past sleep and readiness scores with other Oura users. The information you choose to share may be shared with other Oura users in the circle(s) you join, and with any additional Oura users who are added to those circles. You can make changes to what data you share with other Oura users, including opting out of sharing any data. Depending on your use of our Services, you may also choose to communicate with and react to other users' information and scores. Please remember to always maintain a respectful and supportive environment when communicating with other users. Please see Oura's Terms of Use for more information.

Oura Platform is a service that allows you to share your Oura Ring data with your doctor, coach, trainer, employer, researchers, and/or any other person or entity (“Data Recipient(s)”) with whom you choose to share your data after receiving an invitation to do so. The invitation you receive will notify you of the scope, type, and time period of your data that is requested to be shared with your consent. If you choose to participate in Oura Platform, once you consent to sharing your personal data with the Data Recipient the relevant requested data that you sync to your Oura App will become available to your Data Recipient in Oura Platform. The Oura Platform provides Data Recipients with access to their team's statistics at a glance and allows them to get a detailed look into the data you have chosen to share, such as heart rate, heart rate variability, activity level, and other data that you sync to your Oura App that falls within the scope that was requested in the invitation you received.

Once your data is shared to the Oura Platform, the Data Recipient becomes the controller of your personal data. The Data Recipient is responsible for its use and processing of your personal data in accordance with all applicable data protection and privacy laws. Your personal data may be used by the Data Recipient in accordance with its own privacy practices, so please review the Data Recipient's privacy policy carefully before accepting the invite and opting-in to Oura Platform. Oura is not responsible for the Data Recipient’s processing of your data or the security of any personal data that the Data Recipient has extracted from the Oura Platform.

Once you give consent to share your Oura data with the Data Recipient, the Data Recipient may get access to the following personal data, such as:

Account data as inserted by you:

Automatically collected and generated data:

Usage-related and technical data:

If you have questions or requests concerning your personal data after it has been transferred to Oura Platform, such as how the Data Recipient uses your data, where it is transferred to, who can access it, retention policies, or your rights in relation to that data, please contact the Data Recipient that invited you to participate in Oura Platform. Please see the privacy policy of the Data Recipient for contact details.

Your personal data is disclosed to the Data Recipient only if you give consent. You can withdraw your data sharing consent at any time via Oura on the Web (https://cloud.ouraring.com/profile) or from the settings menu on the Oura App. You can stop the flow of data to the Data Recipient so that the Data Recipient cannot receive new data from you or through Oura Platform. You can also choose to delete your data on Oura Platform that was already shared with the Data Recipient. However, please note that withdrawing your consent from the service or changing any other consent settings do not affect the processing of data that the Data Recipient already extracted from Oura Platform.

Oura uses aggregated Oura Platform data for analytics, statistics, research and development purposes. Oura is the controller of such aggregated data, which may no longer qualify as personal data due to the aggregation. For other data that Oura processes which are not at the direction of the Data Recipient, the rest of the terms in this Privacy Policy apply.

If you visit Oura's Sites or complete orders on Oura's online store, we process personal data for the following purposes:

Data protection law in Europe requires a "lawful basis" for collecting and retaining personal information from residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases for processing your data depend on the particular processing purposes, including:

In most cases, Oura collects personal data directly from you if you choose to complete orders in our online store or contact us with a question or complaint. When you visit our Sites, we collect analytical data about you via your device and browser using cookies and various other technologies for service development and advertising purposes. Oura may also rely on trusted third-party processors to collect data on our behalf, such as our payment processor partners. 
We process the following personal data categories when you visit our Site:

This notice supplements the information contained in Oura's Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in states within the U.S. with enhanced privacy notice requirements, such as California ("customers" or "you"), and who access Oura's Sites or Services.

Please be aware that in some instances where Oura is acting as a Business Associate under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the U.S. state privacy rights outlined in this section may not apply. In those instances and subject to our HIPAA policies, Oura may choose to offer self-serve tools that enable you to access and delete your personal data from the Oura App.

When a customer interacts with Oura's Sites or Services, Oura collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, device, or household ("personal information" or “personal data”).

Information about the categories of personal information we collect, the purposes for which your personal information is processed, and any sharing of your personal information can be found from relevant sections of this Policy:

In the preceding twelve (12) months, Oura has not sold personal information to third parties, including data aggregators, as it is against our policies. We have collected and disclosed only the categories of personal information processed by Oura under this Policy as described in the Data Sharing and Transfers section.

If you are a resident of a state with enhanced rights related to the personal information Oura may process about you, you have certain rights:

U.S. State laws may give you the right to request that we disclose the personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months, which we only provide after we receive and validate your request. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:

You have the right to request correction of your personal information. After we receive and validate your request, we will correct your personal information, unless an exception applies. Please note that you can correct and update some of your basic information via the Oura App and via Oura on the Web.

You have the right to request erasure of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions, such as when we have a legal obligation to retain the data in question. After we receive and validate your request, we will delete your personal information, as well as direct our service providers to delete your personal information unless an exception applies.

If you reside in a state that provides for enhanced privacy rights, you can request disclosure, access to, correction, and/or deletion of your personal data as described above by submitting a verifiable consumer request to us by:

Sending an e-mail to dataprotection@ouraring.com or creating a ticket via the Oura Help page on the Oura App, including the following information along with your request: your full name, company name (if applicable), address, e-mail address, and a phone number. We may request that you provide additional information if necessary to confirm your identity. This is for security purposes, and is required by law in some cases.

Only you, or a person registered with the appropriate mechanism associated with your state of residency that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.

You have the right to make a free request up to two times in any 12-month period. We will respond to all validated requests within 45 days of receiving your request, unless we request an extension. In the event that we reasonably require an extension in order to respond to your request, we will notify you of any such extension within the initial 45-day period.

If we decide not to take action in response to your request, you may submit an
appeal by sending an email to dataprotection@ouraring.com and mark your request as an “Appeal.” We will resolve your appeal within the time frames established by
applicable law. If your appeal is denied, we will explain why. If you continue to
dispute our decision or would like to file a complaint regarding our handling of your
personal information, you may contact the regulator in your jurisdiction that
handles privacy complaints, such as your state Attorney General.

Oura does not discriminate against users who request to exercise their privacy rights. Unless an exception applies, this includes our promise not to:

Oura does not sell or rent your personal information, and only shares your personal data with certain trusted service providers and partners so that we can provide and improve our services, to provide partner services and other offerings, and to operate our business. Whenever we share data with third-party service providers, we require that they use your information only for the purposes we've authorized, and for the limited reasons explained in this Policy. We also require these service providers to protect your personal information to at least the same standards that we do.

Like most companies, Oura uses service providers for purposes such as:

We use industry standard data protection measures to safeguard all international transfers of personal data through data protection agreements with our service providers. In certain limited cases, you may be asked for consent to share your Oura user personal data with a third-party partner of your choice, such as a medical provider or health care insurer that you select. If you choose to do this, you should carefully review the third-party consent language and privacy notices that are available to you from the third-party, which will control the use of your personal data.

Oura is a global company with servers around the world, and your personal data may at times be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Although data protection laws vary among countries, regardless of where your personal data is processed, we apply the same protections described in this Policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of personal data, such as the frameworks described below.

Oura participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the processing of personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Gibraltar, and Switzerland. Oura has further certified that we adhere to the principles of the Data Privacy Frameworks.

Click https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/ to learn more about the Data Privacy
Frameworks. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the
Data Privacy Frameworks principles, the principles shall govern.

If Oura transfers personal information received under the Data Privacy Frameworks to a third-party, the third-party’s processing of the personal data must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Frameworks obligations, and we will remain liable under the Data Privacy Frameworks for any failure to do so by the third-party, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

Oura is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Oura may be required to disclose the personal information we process under the Data Privacy Frameworks in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

We also reserve the right to disclose personal data under certain specific circumstances, including:

Otherwise, your personal data is never shared with any individual or other organization.

Oura uses technical and organizational safeguards to keep your data safe and secure. When appropriate, these safeguards include measures such as anonymization or pseudonymization of personal data, strict access control, and the use of encryption to protect the data we process.

Our personnel receive adequate training to ensure personal data is processed only in accordance with our internal policies, consistent with our obligations under applicable law. We also limit access to your sensitive personal data to personnel that have specifically been granted such access.

Online services that we provide via our Site protect your personal data in-transit using encryption and other security measures. We also regularly test our service, systems, and other assets for possible security vulnerabilities.

We update our Services regularly to protect your personal data. We recommend that you make sure that you always have the latest app and firmware versions installed in order to maximize protection of your data.

The retention period for your personal data generally depends on the duration of your Oura account lifecycle. Your personal data will be deleted when it is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was originally collected, unless we have a legal obligation to retain data for a longer period of time. For example, your measurement data regarding your sleep, readiness, and activity is stored only so long as your Oura account is active.

Oura also has legal obligations to retain certain personal data for a specific period of time, such as for tax purposes. These required retention periods may include, for example, accounting and tax requirements, legal claims, or for any other legal purposes. Please note that obligatory retention periods for personal data vary based on the relevant law.

If you wish, you may request deletion of your Oura account by contacting dataprotection@ouraring.com or you can remove your account data from the Services within the Oura App or Oura On the Web by following the instructions available on the Oura Help Center.

We use cookies and various other technologies to collect and store analytics and other information when customers use our Site, as well as for personalization and advertising purposes. The cookies we use include both first-party and third-party cookies.

Cookies are small text files sent and saved on your device that allows us to identify visitors of our Site, facilitate the use of our Site, and to create aggregate information of our visitors. This helps us to improve our service and better serve our customers, and will not harm your device or files. We use cookies and similar technologies to tailor our Site and the information we provide in accordance with the individual interests of our customers. Cookies are also used for tracking your browsing habits and for targeting and optimizing advertising, both on our Site as well as on other sites you may visit. We also use cookies and similar technologies for integrating our social media accounts on our Site.

Please see our Cookie Policy for more information on Oura's use of cookies, and how you can set your cookie preferences.

Whenever Oura processes your personal data, you have certain rights that enable you to control how your personal data is being processed. This section provides you with information about each of those rights. If you wish to exercise your rights as a data subject, please contact dataprotection@ouraring.com or create a ticket via the Oura Help page on
the Oura App with your request to do so.

You have the right to know what personal data is processed about you. You may contact us to request access to the personal data we have collected about you, and we will confirm whether we are processing your data, and provide you with information about the personal data we have collected and processed.

Please note that by using the Oura App, you can easily access the sleep, readiness, and activity data that we process about you. You can also access your data via Oura on the Web at https://cloud.ouraring.com.

You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data in certain circumstances. We will comply with such requests unless we have a valid legal basis not to do so, or a legal obligation to preserve the data.

You have the right to request correction of any incorrect or incomplete personal data we have stored about you.

Please note that you can correct and update some of your basic information directly within our Services.

You have the right to request receipt of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured and commonly used format. The right to data portability only applies when we process your personal data for certain reasons, such as by contract or by your consent.

Please note that Oura on the Web provides you with the ability to export your own data.

You have the right to object to or opt out of the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. In the event that we do not have legitimate grounds to continue processing such personal data, we will no longer process your personal data after we have received and verified your objection. For example, under certain regulations you may have the right to object to any sale of your personal data profiling based on your personal data, or targeted advertising as those terms are defined under applicable law. However, Oura does not sell your data, profile, or engage in targeted advertising based on your personal data, and you always have the right to opt out of direct marketing at any time.

You have the right to request that we restrict processing some types of personal data under certain circumstances. For example, if you contest the accuracy of your data, you can make a restriction request that we do not process your data until Oura has verified the accuracy of your data.

If we have requested your consent in order to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent for such processing at any time where this right is provided by local law. It should be noted, however, that withdrawing your consent may lead to issues or restrictions on your ability to fully utilize Oura Services. Please note that you can always unsubscribe from receiving our newsletter and other marketing emails by using the ‘Unsubscribe' link provided in the emails you receive from us.

Oura strives to address your privacy concerns. If you have contacted Oura about your issue and are still unhappy with our response, subject to applicable law, you may contact your local supervisory authority regarding your issue. However, we urge you to first contact us at dataprotection@ouraring.com so that we can more quickly resolve your issue before escalating the issue.

If you have a question or complaint about our handling of your personal information under the Data Privacy Frameworks, please contact us at dataprotection@ouraring.com. If you have complaints related to the Data Privacy Frameworks that Oura cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities (for EU individuals), the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (for Swiss individuals). As further explained in the Data Privacy Frameworks principles, binding arbitration is available to address complaints not resolved by other means.

Please read the section in this Policy titled “U.S. STATES WITH ENHANCED PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS” if you are a resident of a U.S. state that provides enhanced privacy requirements and you would like to know more about your rights under those laws.

Ouraring Inc. is the data controller of user personal data processed for marketing purposes. The controller of personal data processed for all other processing purposes is Oura Health Oy. Please find our contact details below:

Oura Health Oy 
Address: Elektroniikkatie 10, 90590 Oulu Finland 
Data Protection Officer: dataprotection@ouraring.com

Ouraring Inc. 
Address: 222 Kearny Street, 7th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94108 United States 
Data Protection Officer: dataprotection@ouraring.com

We reserve the right to update this Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. We strive to let you know about any material changes by notifying you on our Site or by sending you an email or push notification. If you keep using Oura Sites or Services after a change to this Policy, your continued use means that you accept any such changes.

FSA or HSA eligible

We care about protecting your data.

We care about protecting your data. Read more in our Privacy Policy.

©  2025 Oura Health Oy. All rights reserved. ŌURA, OURA, and Ō are trademarks of Oura Health Oy and may not be used without permission.
