Use code GETSTARTED at checkout for 10% off any new treatment. SCAN FOR IOS & ANDROID Affordable telehealth and online pharmacy services Experienced, U.S. licensed medical providers Transparent, upfront pricing Privacy Policy Last Updated August 7, 2025RedBox Rx is a division of Hy-Vee, Inc. and Hy-Vee’s mail order pharmacy will be fulfilling the prescription medication order submitted by the licensed health care professional you have consulted with regarding your condition. Because of this relationship, RedBox Rx follows Hy-Vee’s Privacy Policy. Last Updated August 7, 2025 RedBox Rx is a division of Hy-Vee, Inc. and Hy-Vee’s mail order pharmacy will be fulfilling the prescription medication order submitted by the licensed health care professional you have consulted with regarding your condition. Because of this relationship, RedBox Rx follows Hy-Vee’s Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes how Hy-Vee, Inc. and its affiliates ("Hy-Vee", "we", "our", or "us") may collect, use, and disclose information about you when you interact with our websites, mobile applications, stores, products, programs, or otherwise through any interaction you have with us (collectively, the "Hy-Vee Services"). Unless otherwise stated, this Privacy Policy applies to all of the Hy-Vee Services that include a link to this Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use carefully before using the Hy-Vee Services. By visiting or otherwise using the Hy-Vee Services, you agree to our Terms of Use and consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, and other activities, as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree and consent, please discontinue use of the Hy-Vee Services, and uninstall any Hy-Vee mobile applications. Personal Information We Collect and Why We Collect It How We Collect Your Personal Information How We Disclose Personal Information Targeted Advertisements Hy-Vee Loyalty Programs Co-Branded Areas Third-Party Interactions Charitable Partnerships Health Information Hy-Vee Financial Services Information Pertaining to Children Your Choices About Communications From Us Hy-Vee Mobile Apps Security Additional Information for Residents of Certain States Notice to International Visitors Changes to this Privacy Policy Contact Us Personal Information We Collect and Why We Collect It "Personal Information" is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you. Personal Information does not include information that is publicly available, de-identified, or aggregated. The chart below summarizes the types of Personal Information we collect and why we collect it. Please note that the specific Personal Information we collect about you depends on the nature of your relationship with us. CATEGORY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION PURPOSE(S) FOR COLLECTION Identifiers and Personal Records, such as name, alias, address, signature, date of birth, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license or state identification card number, or other similar identifiers; insurance policy number; education; employment; employment history; bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or other financial information; medical information; and health insurance information Commercial Information, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies To allow you to participate in the features we offer on the Hy-Vee Services To provide you with products and services advertisements and recommendations To process your orders and any returns/refunds To maintain your accounts with us To provide customer service and support To show you relevant ads while you browse the internet or use social media To communicate with you, including about our products and services, updates to our terms and policies, and to obtain your feedback To send you marketing materials and advertisements To send you company news, updates, information related to our product or service offerings, etc. To allow you to participate in promotions, sweepstakes, contests, and loyalty programs Auditing, research and analysis, to maintain and improve the Hy-Vee Services, and for any other internal business purposes To detect and prevent fraud against you and/or us To consider you for employment with Hy-Vee Demographic Information and Protected Classifications, such as age, (40 years or older), race, sex (including gender and gender identity), veteran or military status, languages spoken To consider you for employment with Hy-Vee Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our websites, applications, or advertisements Geolocation Data, such as your physical location based on information you provide, or inferred from your device location or IP address To allow you to participate in the features we offer on the Hy-Vee Services To facilitate, manage, personalize, and improve your website or app experience To process your orders and any returns/refunds To provide you with products, services, coupons, and recommendations To show you relevant ads while you browse the internet or use social media To improve the Hy-Vee Services, and our products, services, marketing and advertising To send you company news, updates, information related to our product or service offerings, etc. To allow you to participate in promotions, sweepstakes, contests, and loyalty programs Auditing, research and analysis, to maintain and improve the Hy-Vee Services, and for any other internal business purposes To detect and prevent fraud against you and/or us Audiovisual Information, such as audio recordings of customer care calls, video, license plate scans, or similar information To provide you with customer service For safety, security, and fraud prevention To improve our products, services, and the Hy-Vee Services Professional or Employment-Related Information, such as current or past job history or performance evaluations, resumes, education information To consider you for employment with Hy-Vee Inferences derived from any other category of Personal Information we collect reflecting your preferences, characteristics, trends, or attitudes To provide you with appropriate products, services, and recommendations To improve the Hy-Vee Services, and our products, services, marketing and advertising To provide you with a better website or app experience Auditing, research and analysis, to maintain and improve the Hy-Vee Services, and for any other internal business purposes To detect and prevent fraud against you and/or us How We Collect Your Personal Information Information that You Provide We may collect your Personal Information when you shop in our stores or online, register for a Hy-Vee account, use our website or one of our mobile applications, sign up for our programs, memberships, offers, or sweepstakes, take a survey, connect with us on social media, use our products or other Hy-Vee Services, contact us about a prior purchase, or otherwise communicate with us in any way. If you call us, the call may be recorded. If you chat with us online, our chatbot is AI-powered and may record, store, and disclose information, including Personal Information, collected during your chat. When you use this feature, we and our service providers may process the information obtained through the chat to provide the automated chat service. By using these features, you understand that our vendors may process the information obtained through the feature to provide the service on our behalf. The types of Personal Information you provide vary based on how you choose to interact with us, but may include your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, payment card information, purchase and ordering information, demographic information (such as your age, gender, and language preferences), and any other information you choose to provide. Information Collected Automatically Hy-Vee, our service providers, and third-party services with which we partner automatically collect certain Personal Information about you when you access or use the Hy-Vee Services, including: Location Information. We may collect information about your location for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content, including third-party ads, based on your location. We may use GPS software, geo-filtering and other location-aware technologies to obtain this information. Our store finder feature uses information about your device location (based on IP address or GPS, as applicable), or your account information, to suggest appropriate store locations. Device and Usage Information. When you access the various Hy-Vee Services, we automatically collect information such as your browser type, IP address, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data. For example, we may use analytics tools that collect information about the use of our websites and user traffic. When you use our mobile apps, we collect information such as your device type, model, identification numbers assigned to your mobile device, mobile network information, and website or app usage behavior. Cookies, Pixels, Web Beacons, and Other Similar Online Tracking Technologies. We use automated tools, such as cookies, pixels, software development kits, and other tracking technologies to collect and store information about you and your interactions with our websites and apps, including information about your browsing behavior. Our websites and apps also support third-party cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies placed by our service providers and third parties, including our advertising partners. This means our service providers and advertising partners can collect and use information regarding your interactions with our websites and apps as further described below. Cookies, pixels, and other online tracking technologies are small data files that are stored on your device by your web browser. They are often used by websites to recognize a returning user's device, record user preferences, track the pages a user clicks while visiting the website, and identify the website a user visited immediately beforehand. Cookies, pixels, and other online tracking technologies help us recognize you and we use them to customize or personalize your shopping experience, the content you see on our Services, and advertisements you see online. We also use them where necessary to run our website, to optimize the functionality of our website, and for analytics purposes. Most web browsers accept cookies by default, but you may be able to adjust your browser settings to remove or reject cookies. You also can control some of the cookies while you are on our website by adjusting your preferences within our cookie preference tool. Not all cookies can be turned off – for example, some are necessary for website functionality or may be used in ways where applicable privacy laws do not require an opt out. Please note that blocking cookies may affect the availability and functionality of certain Hy-Vee Services. Website Analytics. We use web analytics services, including Google Analytics, to help us understand how visitors use the Hy-Vee Services and how they interact with our advertising on other websites or mobile apps. For more information on how Google Analytics uses data collected through the Services, visit: google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. To opt out of Google Analytics cookies, visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Do Not Track Signals. Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a "Do Not Track" signal when you visit various websites or use online services. Like many websites, the Hy-Vee websites are not designed to respond to "Do Not Track" signals received from website browsers. Information We Obtain from Other Sources Our service providers may collect Personal Information on our behalf in the course of providing their services to us. We may also obtain Personal Information about you from business partners, resellers and third parties, some of which may sell or license the information to us. To understand your rights and choices regarding Personal Information collected by other companies, please consult the privacy policies of the businesses that you interact with. Some features of our Services allow your friends and family to share your information with us. For example, if someone ships a product to you, they provide us with your name, address, and phone number. How We Disclose Personal Information We may disclose your Personal Information as described below: Our Affiliates. Each of our affiliated entities may collect and disclose the Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy with their parent, subsidiary, and affiliate entities. Service Providers. We may disclose your Personal Information to service providers that help us do things like improve our services, fulfill orders, process your payments and requests, verify your information, monitor activity on our Hy-Vee Services, conduct fraud prevention, provide analysis and analytics, maintain databases, administer and monitor emails and marketing, serve ads on Hy-Vee Services or other sites other than the Hy-Vee Services, host our websites and mobile applications, conduct market research, or send you information regarding our products or services or those of other companies with whom we conduct business, and otherwise operate our business. Third-Party Partners. We may engage with various third-party partners for marketing and advertising purposes, to provide joint services (such as co-branded online shopping experiences or linked loyalty programs), to improve our products and services, or to provide you with other products and services that may interest you. From time to time, we also share information with data brokers, aggregators, and exchanges. In some cases, these third parties may provide us with monetary or other consideration in exchange for the Personal Information we provide to them. Legal Process and Emergency Response. We may also disclose Personal Information if we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary or authorized under the law or to protect our customers, the public, or our business. Business Transfers. Your Personal Information may be disclosed as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, or joint venture, or for the financing or sale of Hy-Vee assets and could be transferred to another party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. Personal Information may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. Targeted Advertisements We may contract with service providers to collect information about your online use and interactions with Hy-Vee Services over time and across other websites. These companies use the information they collect to serve ads that are targeted to your interests when you browse the internet or use social media. Some of the publishers and vendors that support our advertising may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") AdChoices Program and may display the YourAdChoices Icon for Interest-based Ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to make certain choices regarding targeting. You can learn more about the DAA web AdChoices Program here and its opt-out program for mobile apps here. In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about opting out of targeted advertising using the NAI tool, visit here. Please note that opting out of one or more NAI or DAA members only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Hy-Vee Loyalty Programs We offer loyalty programs, including Hy-Vee Fuel Saver + Perks® Rewards, Dollar Fresh Fuel Saver + Perks, Hy-Vee Perks and Dollar Fresh Perks (collectively "Loyalty Programs"), that use information collected through enrollment and participation in the program(s) to provide rewards and/or exclusive discounts or offers to program members. As an enrolled Loyalty Program member, when you purchase designated items at any Hy-Vee and/or Dollar Fresh branded locations, you can earn gas discounts at participating fuel retailers and you may also receive special offers, targeted digital deals, membership discounts on certain products and/or services, entry into sweepstakes, and the chance for additional rewards. You can also link your Loyalty Program account to loyalty programs offered by some of the brands with which we partner, in which case Hy-Vee and our partner brand(s) will share information relating to your participation in the linked accounts. In order to provide you with these special offers and discounts, we collect the information you provide upon enrollment in the Loyalty Program (which includes your first and last name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address) as well as information related to the purchases you make with your Loyalty Program membership account. The information we collect may be used for any purpose described in this Privacy Policy, including to market our products or services, to offer or alter loyalty program benefits and special promotions based on account activity, volume of purchases, geographic location, or other non-discriminatory factors. The information we collect may also be used to contact you regarding any matter related to your account, your interactions with us, or our Loyalty Programs. Even if a member opts out of marketing communications, the account may continue to receive other communications related to our Loyalty Programs. Participation in our Loyalty Programs is governed by specific terms and is not available in all states. Please review the applicable Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions for more information. Co-Branded Areas Certain areas of select Hy-Vee Services may be branded in association with third parties ("Co-Branded Areas"). If you visit Co-Branded Areas, register for communications from a third party, purchase products and/or services through a Co-Branded Area, communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. Personal Information you provide through a Co-Branded Area will be subject to this Privacy Policy and/or the third party’s privacy policy, depending on which policy is linked from the pages you visit. Third-Party Interactions For your convenience, Hy-Vee Services may from time to time include links to websites or services that are owned and/or operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites or services, and Hy-Vee is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites or services that are operated by third parties. Please review the privacy policies of the websites you visit to learn more about how the operators of those sites handle your Personal Information. We also use YouTube API Services to deliver content. We host videos on YouTube that are embedded in certain Hy-Vee Services. These are hosted on our YouTube channel, viewable at: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGJ0GtyiYAOWqMpAfmlQr-A. Incident to viewing the videos on the Hy-Vee Services, YouTube may collect Your information, including Your Google user name and other account information. For more information, please visit Google’s privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us. The Hy-Vee Services may also include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Hy-Vee Services and a third-party website, platform, tool, application or other service. For example, when you register for certain Hy-Vee Services, you may have an option to use your Facebook, Google or other account provided by a third-party site or application to facilitate the registration and log-in process, or otherwise link accounts. If you choose to use these third-party services to access or use the Hy-Vee Services, we may receive information from these third parties. When you use these third-party services, you are using their services and not the Hy-Vee Services. You should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party services. Charitable Partnerships At Hy-Vee, we care about the things our customers care about—health care, education, the arts, leisure and recreation, the environment, economic opportunity, civic improvement—and we give generously to projects and organizations that support these goals. From time to time, we post information on the Hy-Vee Services about charitable organizations with which we partner, which may include links allowing donations. Information you provide to a charity is subject to its terms of service and privacy policy. In some cases, some information you provide to make a donation may be shared with us by the charity. Charities that disclose information in this way are required to notify you of that practice in their privacy policies. We appreciate you keeping our community strong and welcome any questions about our charitable giving or how you can get involved. Health Information We collect protected health information in our capacity as a pharmacy health care provider, which includes your prescription and associated Personal Information, prescription history and profile information for fulfillment of pharmacy orders, other health-related information that you, your doctor, or your insurance carrier provides to us, and through our provision of dietitian services. This information is most often used to process your prescriptions, provide you with health care information, dietitian services, Hy-Vee pharmacy services, or to contact you with questions and respond to your inquiries pertaining to Hy-Vee pharmacy or dietitian services. The information collected or maintained by our pharmacies is subject to our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices that more specifically describes how we may use or disclose your protected health information. You may access our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices here. A copy may also be obtained from any of our pharmacies (see the "How to Contact Us" section below). Hy-Vee Financial Services Hy-Vee Financial Services products and services are offered through Midwest Heritage Bank, FSB and are subject to the privacy policy found here. Information Pertaining to Children The Hy-Vee Services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information online from children under the age of 13. Hy-Vee KidsFit has its own privacy policy that can be found here. Your Choices About Communications From Us We give you choices about the information we collect and how we communicate with you. Printed Materials. To opt out of receiving our printed marketing materials at your postal address, such as advertisements, flyers or postcards, contact Hy-Vee Customer Care by clicking here. Please be sure to include your name and mailing address exactly as they appear on the printed marketing materials you received. Emails. To opt out of receiving our marketing materials via email, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email that was sent to you or update your email preferences within your Hy-Vee.com account. If you opt-out of our marketing email communications, we may still send you email messages related to your account or purchases with us. Unsubscribing from our marketing emails will not affect the level or quality of service we provide to you Phone Communications. To opt out of receiving calls from our live representatives by telephone, contact Hy-Vee Customer Care by clicking here. If you have consented to receive prerecorded voice messages or text messages, you may opt out of receiving them by using the method provided in the prerecorded voice message or text message or by contacting us at the address below. Text Messages. When you sign up for one of our text-messaging programs, you are expressly consenting to receive text messages on your mobile device about our products, Hy-Vee Services, and/or programs that may be sent by automated means. Please refer to our Text Messaging Program Terms and FAQs for more information. You may opt out of a text message program by following the instructions you receive (e.g., texting the word STOP to any of our messages or text STOP to 78024). Different instructions may apply to health care text messages related to Hy-Vee Pharmacy services. We will not share your opt-in to an SMS campaign with any third party for purposes unrelated to providing you with the services of that campaign. We may share your Personal Information, including your SMS opt-in or consent status, with service providers that help us provide our messaging services, including but not limited to platform providers, phone companies, and any other vendors who assist us in the delivery of text messages. Hy-Vee Mobile Apps You have the option to initiate a request for deletion of your mobile app account by clicking on “Delete Account” from within the app’s account settings menu. Please note that because we use a single sign-on for both our mobile apps and our website accounts, if you choose to delete your mobile app account, you will no longer be able to access any account-based features through our website. An account deletion request initiated through our app will not apply to the following information: Information needed to complete a transaction with you Loyalty program information Purchase histories, warranty and recall information, and any other information needed to be retained for legal, regulatory, contractual, or auditing purposes Information collected or processed through means other than our Apps Information needed to prevent fraud and protect our legitimate interests Archived or backup data, and any information that does not prove commercially reasonable to delete Alternatively, if you wish to continue shopping with us online, but merely want to deactivate the app, you can stop collection of information via the Hy-Vee mobile app by uninstalling the app. To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from your operating system or device. Additionally, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices relating to our mobile apps, such as enabling or disabling certain features (e.g., location-based services, push notifications, accessing calendar/contacts/photos, etc.), by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device and/or the app's settings. Beware that if GPS location services are disabled, other means of establishing or estimating location (e.g., connecting to or proximity to wi-fi, Bluetooth, beacons, or our networks) may persist. Some mobile app-related tracking technologies can only be disabled by uninstalling the app. Security At no cost to you, we take reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the Internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. Additional Information for Residents of Certain States This section supplements the other parts of our Privacy Policy and provides additional information for consumers in Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, and California (collectively, "Covered States"). Disclosures and Sales of Personal Information We disclose Personal Information to our service providers, other vendors (including those that facilitate interest-based and other advertising and marketing), affiliates, and third parties. Generally, we disclose the following categories of Personal Information for our business purposes: Identifiers Personal Records Commercial Information Demographic Information and Protected Classifications Internet or other electronic network activity information Geolocation Data Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Professional or Employment-Related Information Communications Inferences The categories of persons to which we disclose this Personal Information include affiliated and related companies, service providers, professional advisors, public authorities/government bodies, and external auditors. We disclose the following categories of information for targeted advertising or in ways that may be considered a “sale” of personal information under some state privacy laws: Identifiers Personal Records Commercial Information Geolocation Data Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information Inferences The categories of persons to which Personal Information is sold include third parties for co-marketing purposes or to promote other products and services that may interest you; advertising partners and social media platforms for the purposes of ad targeting, remarketing, and customized advertising content; and data brokers, aggregators, and exchanges. We do not knowingly sell the Personal Information of children under the age of 16. How to Submit a Privacy Request Consumers who reside in Covered States have the right to submit certain requests relating to their Personal Information as described below. Please note that when submitting a request, you may be asked to provide information to verify your identity before action is taken. In some states and for some types of requests, you may designate an authorized agent to make the requests below on your behalf. An authorized agent must submit proof to us that he or she has been authorized by you to act on your behalf, and you will still need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process the request. An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf using the webform or toll-free number listed below. We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your privacy rights. To submit a request, please use our Consumer Rights Request Form or call (800) 772-4098. Privacy Rights for Consumers in Iowa, Minnesota, and Nebraska Consumers in Iowa, Minnesota, and Nebraska may submit the following types of requests relating to their Personal Information: Access and Data Portability. You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your Personal Information, to access your Personal Information, and to obtain a copy of Personal Information you provided to us in a portable format. Minnesota residents may also request a list of third parties to which we disclose Personal Information. Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and our purposes for processing it. To make corrections to your Personal Information in your Hy-Vee.com account, you may do so by logging into your account and making those changes. To correct inaccuracies that you are unable to correct by logging into your account, please call (800) 772-4098. Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, subject to exceptions. Where we use deidentification to satisfy a deletion request, we commit to maintaining and using the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information. The Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the following uses of your Personal Information: (a) targeted advertising; (b) the sale of Personal Information; and (c) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements. We do not engage in practices that qualify as profiling producing legal or similarly significant effects under applicable state privacy law. To opt out of targeted advertising / sales of Personal Information via cookies and other tracking technologies, please click on the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link in the website footer and adjust your preferences. To opt out of sales and sharing of personal information taking place through means other than cookies, please use our Offline Opt-Out Form. The Right to Appeal. Sometimes we are unable to process requests relating to your Personal Information, in which case, your request will be denied. If your privacy rights request has previously been denied by us and you believe we denied it in error, you may appeal for reconsideration of your request using our webform here or toll-free phone number. California Privacy Rights California residents may submit the following types of requests relating to their Personal Information: The Right to Know. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request more information regarding the following, to the extent applicable: The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you The categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected Our business or commercial purposes for collecting (or selling—if applicable) your Personal Information The categories of third parties with which we shared your Personal Information The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold in the preceding 12 months, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold that particular category of Personal Information The categories of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we disclosed that particular category of Personal Information The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you A list of the third parties to which we have disclosed personal information, as defined under California Civil Code Section 1798.83(e) (a/k/a the “Shine the Light Law”), during the preceding year for third-party direct marketing purposes Correction. If you believe that Personal Information we maintain about you is inaccurate, you have the right to request that we correct that information. To make corrections to your Personal Information in your Hy-Vee.com account, you may do so by logging into your account and making those changes. To correct inaccuracies that you are unable to correct by logging into your account, please call (800) 772-4098. Upon receipt of a verifiable request to correct inaccurate Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the information as you direct. Deletion. California residents may request that we delete your Personal Information that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining, subject to exceptions. Where we use deidentification to satisfy a deletion request, we commit to maintaining and using the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information. The Right to Opt Out. California residents can opt out of the sale or sharing of their Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising via cookies and other tracking technologies, please click on the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link in the website footer and adjust your preferences. You may also opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information through an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you choose to use a browser-based opt-out signal, you will be opted out of cookie-based sales or sharing of Personal Information, and will need to turn it on for each browser you use. To opt out of sales and sharing of personal information taking place through means other than cookies, please use our Offline Opt-Out Form. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. We do not use sensitive Personal Information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure applies under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Notice to International Visitors Changes to this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is subject to change at our discretion. We will indicate changes to the Privacy Policy by updating the "Effective Date." Your use of any Hy-Vee Services after any update to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Contact Us If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or other privacy-related matters, you may contact us as follows: Mailing Address: Hy-Vee, Inc., 5820 Westown Parkway, West Des Moines, Iowa 50266-8223 Toll-free Number: (800) 772-4098 This Privacy Policy describes how Hy-Vee, Inc. and its affiliates ("Hy-Vee", "we", "our", or "us") may collect, use, and disclose information about you when you interact with our websites, mobile applications, stores, products, programs, or otherwise through any interaction you have with us (collectively, the "Hy-Vee Services"). Unless otherwise stated, this Privacy Policy applies to all of the Hy-Vee Services that include a link to this Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use carefully before using the Hy-Vee Services. By visiting or otherwise using the Hy-Vee Services, you agree to our Terms of Use and consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, and other activities, as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree and consent, please discontinue use of the Hy-Vee Services, and uninstall any Hy-Vee mobile applications. "Personal Information" is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you. Personal Information does not include information that is publicly available, de-identified, or aggregated. The chart below summarizes the types of Personal Information we collect and why we collect it. Please note that the specific Personal Information we collect about you depends on the nature of your relationship with us. Identifiers and Personal Records, such as name, alias, address, signature, date of birth, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license or state identification card number, or other similar identifiers; insurance policy number; education; employment; employment history; bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or other financial information; medical information; and health insurance information Commercial Information, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies Demographic Information and Protected Classifications, such as age, (40 years or older), race, sex (including gender and gender identity), veteran or military status, languages spoken Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our websites, applications, or advertisements Geolocation Data, such as your physical location based on information you provide, or inferred from your device location or IP address Audiovisual Information, such as audio recordings of customer care calls, video, license plate scans, or similar information Professional or Employment-Related Information, such as current or past job history or performance evaluations, resumes, education information Inferences derived from any other category of Personal Information we collect reflecting your preferences, characteristics, trends, or attitudes We may collect your Personal Information when you shop in our stores or online, register for a Hy-Vee account, use our website or one of our mobile applications, sign up for our programs, memberships, offers, or sweepstakes, take a survey, connect with us on social media, use our products or other Hy-Vee Services, contact us about a prior purchase, or otherwise communicate with us in any way. If you call us, the call may be recorded. If you chat with us online, our chatbot is AI-powered and may record, store, and disclose information, including Personal Information, collected during your chat. When you use this feature, we and our service providers may process the information obtained through the chat to provide the automated chat service. By using these features, you understand that our vendors may process the information obtained through the feature to provide the service on our behalf. The types of Personal Information you provide vary based on how you choose to interact with us, but may include your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, payment card information, purchase and ordering information, demographic information (such as your age, gender, and language preferences), and any other information you choose to provide. Hy-Vee, our service providers, and third-party services with which we partner automatically collect certain Personal Information about you when you access or use the Hy-Vee Services, including: Our service providers may collect Personal Information on our behalf in the course of providing their services to us. We may also obtain Personal Information about you from business partners, resellers and third parties, some of which may sell or license the information to us. To understand your rights and choices regarding Personal Information collected by other companies, please consult the privacy policies of the businesses that you interact with. Some features of our Services allow your friends and family to share your information with us. For example, if someone ships a product to you, they provide us with your name, address, and phone number. We may disclose your Personal Information as described below: Our Affiliates. Each of our affiliated entities may collect and disclose the Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy with their parent, subsidiary, and affiliate entities. Service Providers. We may disclose your Personal Information to service providers that help us do things like improve our services, fulfill orders, process your payments and requests, verify your information, monitor activity on our Hy-Vee Services, conduct fraud prevention, provide analysis and analytics, maintain databases, administer and monitor emails and marketing, serve ads on Hy-Vee Services or other sites other than the Hy-Vee Services, host our websites and mobile applications, conduct market research, or send you information regarding our products or services or those of other companies with whom we conduct business, and otherwise operate our business. Third-Party Partners. We may engage with various third-party partners for marketing and advertising purposes, to provide joint services (such as co-branded online shopping experiences or linked loyalty programs), to improve our products and services, or to provide you with other products and services that may interest you. From time to time, we also share information with data brokers, aggregators, and exchanges. In some cases, these third parties may provide us with monetary or other consideration in exchange for the Personal Information we provide to them. Legal Process and Emergency Response. We may also disclose Personal Information if we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary or authorized under the law or to protect our customers, the public, or our business. Business Transfers. Your Personal Information may be disclosed as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, or joint venture, or for the financing or sale of Hy-Vee assets and could be transferred to another party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. Personal Information may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. We may contract with service providers to collect information about your online use and interactions with Hy-Vee Services over time and across other websites. These companies use the information they collect to serve ads that are targeted to your interests when you browse the internet or use social media. Some of the publishers and vendors that support our advertising may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") AdChoices Program and may display the YourAdChoices Icon for Interest-based Ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to make certain choices regarding targeting. You can learn more about the DAA web AdChoices Program here and its opt-out program for mobile apps here. In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about opting out of targeted advertising using the NAI tool, visit here. Please note that opting out of one or more NAI or DAA members only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). We offer loyalty programs, including Hy-Vee Fuel Saver + Perks® Rewards, Dollar Fresh Fuel Saver + Perks, Hy-Vee Perks and Dollar Fresh Perks (collectively "Loyalty Programs"), that use information collected through enrollment and participation in the program(s) to provide rewards and/or exclusive discounts or offers to program members. As an enrolled Loyalty Program member, when you purchase designated items at any Hy-Vee and/or Dollar Fresh branded locations, you can earn gas discounts at participating fuel retailers and you may also receive special offers, targeted digital deals, membership discounts on certain products and/or services, entry into sweepstakes, and the chance for additional rewards. You can also link your Loyalty Program account to loyalty programs offered by some of the brands with which we partner, in which case Hy-Vee and our partner brand(s) will share information relating to your participation in the linked accounts. In order to provide you with these special offers and discounts, we collect the information you provide upon enrollment in the Loyalty Program (which includes your first and last name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address) as well as information related to the purchases you make with your Loyalty Program membership account. The information we collect may be used for any purpose described in this Privacy Policy, including to market our products or services, to offer or alter loyalty program benefits and special promotions based on account activity, volume of purchases, geographic location, or other non-discriminatory factors. The information we collect may also be used to contact you regarding any matter related to your account, your interactions with us, or our Loyalty Programs. Even if a member opts out of marketing communications, the account may continue to receive other communications related to our Loyalty Programs. Participation in our Loyalty Programs is governed by specific terms and is not available in all states. Please review the applicable Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions for more information. Certain areas of select Hy-Vee Services may be branded in association with third parties ("Co-Branded Areas"). If you visit Co-Branded Areas, register for communications from a third party, purchase products and/or services through a Co-Branded Area, communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. Personal Information you provide through a Co-Branded Area will be subject to this Privacy Policy and/or the third party’s privacy policy, depending on which policy is linked from the pages you visit. For your convenience, Hy-Vee Services may from time to time include links to websites or services that are owned and/or operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites or services, and Hy-Vee is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites or services that are operated by third parties. Please review the privacy policies of the websites you visit to learn more about how the operators of those sites handle your Personal Information. We also use YouTube API Services to deliver content. We host videos on YouTube that are embedded in certain Hy-Vee Services. These are hosted on our YouTube channel, viewable at: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGJ0GtyiYAOWqMpAfmlQr-A. Incident to viewing the videos on the Hy-Vee Services, YouTube may collect Your information, including Your Google user name and other account information. For more information, please visit Google’s privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us. The Hy-Vee Services may also include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Hy-Vee Services and a third-party website, platform, tool, application or other service. For example, when you register for certain Hy-Vee Services, you may have an option to use your Facebook, Google or other account provided by a third-party site or application to facilitate the registration and log-in process, or otherwise link accounts. If you choose to use these third-party services to access or use the Hy-Vee Services, we may receive information from these third parties. When you use these third-party services, you are using their services and not the Hy-Vee Services. You should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party services. At Hy-Vee, we care about the things our customers care about—health care, education, the arts, leisure and recreation, the environment, economic opportunity, civic improvement—and we give generously to projects and organizations that support these goals. From time to time, we post information on the Hy-Vee Services about charitable organizations with which we partner, which may include links allowing donations. Information you provide to a charity is subject to its terms of service and privacy policy. In some cases, some information you provide to make a donation may be shared with us by the charity. Charities that disclose information in this way are required to notify you of that practice in their privacy policies. We appreciate you keeping our community strong and welcome any questions about our charitable giving or how you can get involved. We collect protected health information in our capacity as a pharmacy health care provider, which includes your prescription and associated Personal Information, prescription history and profile information for fulfillment of pharmacy orders, other health-related information that you, your doctor, or your insurance carrier provides to us, and through our provision of dietitian services. This information is most often used to process your prescriptions, provide you with health care information, dietitian services, Hy-Vee pharmacy services, or to contact you with questions and respond to your inquiries pertaining to Hy-Vee pharmacy or dietitian services. The information collected or maintained by our pharmacies is subject to our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices that more specifically describes how we may use or disclose your protected health information. You may access our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices here. A copy may also be obtained from any of our pharmacies (see the "How to Contact Us" section below). Hy-Vee Financial Services products and services are offered through Midwest Heritage Bank, FSB and are subject to the privacy policy found here. The Hy-Vee Services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information online from children under the age of 13. Hy-Vee KidsFit has its own privacy policy that can be found here. We give you choices about the information we collect and how we communicate with you. Printed Materials. To opt out of receiving our printed marketing materials at your postal address, such as advertisements, flyers or postcards, contact Hy-Vee Customer Care by clicking here. Please be sure to include your name and mailing address exactly as they appear on the printed marketing materials you received. Emails. To opt out of receiving our marketing materials via email, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email that was sent to you or update your email preferences within your Hy-Vee.com account. If you opt-out of our marketing email communications, we may still send you email messages related to your account or purchases with us. Unsubscribing from our marketing emails will not affect the level or quality of service we provide to you Phone Communications. To opt out of receiving calls from our live representatives by telephone, contact Hy-Vee Customer Care by clicking here. If you have consented to receive prerecorded voice messages or text messages, you may opt out of receiving them by using the method provided in the prerecorded voice message or text message or by contacting us at the address below. Text Messages. When you sign up for one of our text-messaging programs, you are expressly consenting to receive text messages on your mobile device about our products, Hy-Vee Services, and/or programs that may be sent by automated means. Please refer to our Text Messaging Program Terms and FAQs for more information. You may opt out of a text message program by following the instructions you receive (e.g., texting the word STOP to any of our messages or text STOP to 78024). Different instructions may apply to health care text messages related to Hy-Vee Pharmacy services. We will not share your opt-in to an SMS campaign with any third party for purposes unrelated to providing you with the services of that campaign. We may share your Personal Information, including your SMS opt-in or consent status, with service providers that help us provide our messaging services, including but not limited to platform providers, phone companies, and any other vendors who assist us in the delivery of text messages. You have the option to initiate a request for deletion of your mobile app account by clicking on “Delete Account” from within the app’s account settings menu. Please note that because we use a single sign-on for both our mobile apps and our website accounts, if you choose to delete your mobile app account, you will no longer be able to access any account-based features through our website. An account deletion request initiated through our app will not apply to the following information: Alternatively, if you wish to continue shopping with us online, but merely want to deactivate the app, you can stop collection of information via the Hy-Vee mobile app by uninstalling the app. To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from your operating system or device. Additionally, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices relating to our mobile apps, such as enabling or disabling certain features (e.g., location-based services, push notifications, accessing calendar/contacts/photos, etc.), by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device and/or the app's settings. Beware that if GPS location services are disabled, other means of establishing or estimating location (e.g., connecting to or proximity to wi-fi, Bluetooth, beacons, or our networks) may persist. Some mobile app-related tracking technologies can only be disabled by uninstalling the app. At no cost to you, we take reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the Internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. This section supplements the other parts of our Privacy Policy and provides additional information for consumers in Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, and California (collectively, "Covered States"). We disclose Personal Information to our service providers, other vendors (including those that facilitate interest-based and other advertising and marketing), affiliates, and third parties. Generally, we disclose the following categories of Personal Information for our business purposes: The categories of persons to which we disclose this Personal Information include affiliated and related companies, service providers, professional advisors, public authorities/government bodies, and external auditors. We disclose the following categories of information for targeted advertising or in ways that may be considered a “sale” of personal information under some state privacy laws: The categories of persons to which Personal Information is sold include third parties for co-marketing purposes or to promote other products and services that may interest you; advertising partners and social media platforms for the purposes of ad targeting, remarketing, and customized advertising content; and data brokers, aggregators, and exchanges. We do not knowingly sell the Personal Information of children under the age of 16. Consumers who reside in Covered States have the right to submit certain requests relating to their Personal Information as described below. Please note that when submitting a request, you may be asked to provide information to verify your identity before action is taken. In some states and for some types of requests, you may designate an authorized agent to make the requests below on your behalf. An authorized agent must submit proof to us that he or she has been authorized by you to act on your behalf, and you will still need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process the request. An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf using the webform or toll-free number listed below. We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your privacy rights. To submit a request, please use our Consumer Rights Request Form or call (800) 772-4098. Consumers in Iowa, Minnesota, and Nebraska may submit the following types of requests relating to their Personal Information: Access and Data Portability. You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your Personal Information, to access your Personal Information, and to obtain a copy of Personal Information you provided to us in a portable format. Minnesota residents may also request a list of third parties to which we disclose Personal Information. Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and our purposes for processing it. To make corrections to your Personal Information in your Hy-Vee.com account, you may do so by logging into your account and making those changes. To correct inaccuracies that you are unable to correct by logging into your account, please call (800) 772-4098. Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, subject to exceptions. Where we use deidentification to satisfy a deletion request, we commit to maintaining and using the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information. The Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the following uses of your Personal Information: (a) targeted advertising; (b) the sale of Personal Information; and (c) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements. We do not engage in practices that qualify as profiling producing legal or similarly significant effects under applicable state privacy law. To opt out of targeted advertising / sales of Personal Information via cookies and other tracking technologies, please click on the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link in the website footer and adjust your preferences. To opt out of sales and sharing of personal information taking place through means other than cookies, please use our Offline Opt-Out Form. The Right to Appeal. Sometimes we are unable to process requests relating to your Personal Information, in which case, your request will be denied. If your privacy rights request has previously been denied by us and you believe we denied it in error, you may appeal for reconsideration of your request using our webform here or toll-free phone number. California residents may submit the following types of requests relating to their Personal Information: The Right to Know. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request more information regarding the following, to the extent applicable: Correction. If you believe that Personal Information we maintain about you is inaccurate, you have the right to request that we correct that information. To make corrections to your Personal Information in your Hy-Vee.com account, you may do so by logging into your account and making those changes. To correct inaccuracies that you are unable to correct by logging into your account, please call (800) 772-4098. Upon receipt of a verifiable request to correct inaccurate Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the information as you direct. Deletion. California residents may request that we delete your Personal Information that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining, subject to exceptions. Where we use deidentification to satisfy a deletion request, we commit to maintaining and using the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information. The Right to Opt Out. California residents can opt out of the sale or sharing of their Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising via cookies and other tracking technologies, please click on the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link in the website footer and adjust your preferences. You may also opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information through an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you choose to use a browser-based opt-out signal, you will be opted out of cookie-based sales or sharing of Personal Information, and will need to turn it on for each browser you use. To opt out of sales and sharing of personal information taking place through means other than cookies, please use our Offline Opt-Out Form. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. We do not use sensitive Personal Information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure applies under the California Consumer Privacy Act. This Privacy Policy is subject to change at our discretion. We will indicate changes to the Privacy Policy by updating the "Effective Date." Your use of any Hy-Vee Services after any update to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes. If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or other privacy-related matters, you may contact us as follows: Mailing Address: Hy-Vee, Inc., 5820 Westown Parkway, West Des Moines, Iowa 50266-8223 Toll-free Number: (800) 772-4098 Ready for your online doctor consultation? Get started Men's Health Erectile Dysfunction Premature Ejaculation Women’s Health Birth Control Emergency Contraception Urinary Tract Infection Yeast Infection Hair & Skin Eyelash Growth Hair Loss Acne Anti-Aging Cold Sores Dandruff / Itchy Scalp Excessive Sweating Rosacea Skin Rashes, Hives & Eczema Mental Health Talk Therapy Adult ADHD Anxiety & Depression Insomnia Performance Anxiety Primary Care Short-Term Prescription Refills Seasonal Allergies Headaches (Migraine & Tension) Heartburn Indigestion Upset Stomach Nausea & Vomiting Pink Eye Sinus Headaches & Sinus Infection About RedBox Rx Home Our Story How It Works What We Treat Press Releases Blog Support FAQ Shipping Returns & Exchanges Refund Policy Popular Tretinoin External Cream (Generic Retin-A®) Hydroquinone Cream Bimatoprost (Generic Latisse®) Fluoxetine (Generic Prozac®) Sildenafil (Generic Viagra®) Tadalafil (Generic Cialis®) Vardenafil (Generic Levitra®) Get In Touch At RedBox Rx we are here for you. Outstanding service is at the core of what we do. Have a question? Visit our FAQ Email us anytime at [email protected] Call us at (844) 733-2697 (Mon - Fri: 8 a.m. CST - 5 p.m. CST, Sat - Sun: 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. CST) Please direct media inquires to [email protected] RedBox Rx Facebook RedBox Rx Instagram RedBox Rx YouTube At RedBox Rx we are here for you. Outstanding service is at the core of what we do. Have a question? Visit our FAQ Email us anytime at [email protected] Call us at (844) 733-2697 (Mon - Fri: 8 a.m. CST - 5 p.m. CST, Sat - Sun: 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. CST) Please direct media inquires to [email protected] ©2025 RedBox Rx 5820 Westown Pkwy, West Des Moines, IA 50266 Terms of Use HIPAA Privacy Policy Telemedicine Consent Nondiscrimination Notice
