Privacy Policy User Information In order to provide the best app as possible, focused and tailored to your preferences, dealing with eventual requests and complaints, inform you about changes in our product, understand your preferences in the choices made inside the app, in a way that will create a pleasant experience, it is important to have some information about you, so please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use carefully. Your privacy is our concern. We’re committed to preserve it. Our privacy policy aims to ensure you that any information related to the user, will not be provided, published, marketed or sold in any circumstances, that is, your information is safe and will not be sent to third parties. Sharing Information Users have the option to store all their data only on their device, or use our cloud service for backup and data synchronization between devices. Should they choose to use our cloud service, we are committed to never publish or market any information and data shared with us. All data can be erased completely by the user at any time. SmartGym never bought and never will buy any database with user’s data. Information Safety All personal data added to SmartGym is stored in a reserved database with a restricted access. Information Usage We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support. We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property. In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Analytics SmartGym uses Mixpanel to collect statistical and analytical information on how users use the application. All data is completely anonymous and don’t expose any of the personal information regarding the user. SmartGym never shares with Mixpanel any data provided by the user. HealthKit Data HealthKit Data is only collected by the Apple Watch app. Those data includes your Active Energy, Heart Rate, Walking + Running Distance and your Activity Rings information. SmartGym uses this to keep track of your workout while at the Gym and to present the user how much they've filled their rings at the end of the workout. It only tracks this data if approved by the user and after the user starts a workout session manually. SmartGym will never automatically start tracking the user's data. SmartGym doesn't share or sell the user's data for any reason whatsoever. No third party has any access to those data. User’s Data When creating an account with SmartGym, only the basic information is needed. Like First Name, Last Name, email and password. An account can only be created after subscribing to one of our Premium Plans. This information is never shared or sold to any third party companies. They’re used to keep our service running and to store all the data entered by the user, regarding their gym activities. Deleted data may be kept in backups for up to 90 days. Backups are encrypted and are only accessed if needed for disaster recovery. SmartGym may delete your information at any time and for any reason, such as technical needs, legal concerns, abuse prevention, removal of idle accounts, data loss, or any other reason. Third-party Links and Content SmartGym displays links and content from third-party sites. These have their own independent privacy policies, and we have no responsibility or liability for their content or activities. Subscriptions Details The free version of SmartGym gives access to 2 routines, 10 histories and 2 measures. Upgrade to our monthly or annually subscriptions to access unlimited routines, histories, measurements, plus a premium account that syncs all data to our cloud service. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hour prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription. If the user stops paying for the subscription, all data will be automatically and permanently removed 60 days after the expiration date. After that, there is no way to recover the data. Information for European Union Customers By using SmartGym and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union. International Transfers of Information Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any data through the app or site. Your Consent By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy. Disclaimer While we continue to work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to SmartGym. Transmitting your information is done at your own risk. Questions and Suggestions For questions you can contact by e-mail: support@smartgymapp.com We would also like to hear your opinion about our services. Feel free to send us an email with suggestions and / or criticism. This policy replaces all previous versions. We reserve the right to change our policy at any time.
