Runna values your privacy and the protection of your personal data. This Privacy Policy explains the information we collect about you as part of your use of our website and apps (together the “Services”), how we use that information, the extent to which we share that information with third parties, and your rights in respect of such information. This privacy policy should be read alongside our Terms which set out the terms applicable to use of our Services. The Data Controller for the Services is The Run Buddy Ltd in the United Kingdom, with its registered address at 71-75 Shelton Street, London WC2H 9JQ. Runna is a trading name of The Run Buddy Ltd. Throughout this Privacy Policy, the terms “Runna”, “we”, “us”, “platform” and “our” refer to The Run Buddy Ltd. By using the Services, you consent to our use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any queries on this Privacy Policy, please reach out to us via email at support@runna.com. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. You will know if there has been an update since your last visit by referring to the “Last Update” date at the top of this webpage. We collect a range of information on our users largely to provide you with the Services and to continually improve the user experience. A full list is set out below. ‍ Other scenarios in which we may use your personal data If we become involved in a business sale, merger, acquisition, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your personal data solely in connection with such transaction. Runna also uses anonymous browsing information collected automatically by our servers primarily to help us administer and improve the Services. We may also use such aggregated anonymous information to provide information about the Services to potential business partners and other third parties. Rest assured that this information is not personally identifiable to a specific user and so cannot be used to identify you. We keep your personal data only for the time necessary for us to provide the Services to you. We may be required to retain information for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or where obliged to do so by a regulatory authority. Specific retention period for different categories of personal data are available on request. You can contact us at any time to request that we delete your personal data. See Section 6 below to find out how to request that we delete your personal data. We recognize that much of the information we collect about you is inherently private, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. However, we do sometimes share your information with select third parties to provide the Services to you. These third-party services and tools may have access to your personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use that information for other purposes. Your data (as outlined above) is stored on Amazon’s AWS servers using industry standard encryption technologies. AWS may not use this information for its own purposes. The main categories of third parties who we share information with are set out below. This list is not exhaustive. ‍ We predominantly process your personal data in the UK or the EEA. However, we may sometimes transfer your personal data outside of the UK and EEA to certain third parties (including those listed above). Where we make such a transfer, we will only do so in accordance with the requirements set out in applicable law (such as to a country deemed to provide an adequate level of protection, or by using specific contracts approved by the UK Government or the European Commission). We may also have to share your personal data with third parties where we are required to do so to: In certain circumstances, and only at the explicit request and with the express consent of the user, a Runna employee may activate a temporary User Account Assistance Mode to view the user’s account from their perspective. This feature is designed solely to assist the user with troubleshooting or resolving specific issues within the app. When this mode is activated: Runna takes security and privacy seriously and employs robust safeguards to ensure this mode is used responsibly and securely. If you have any questions about this feature, please contact us at support@runna.com. We work to protect the security of your personal data during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. If transactions are processed on our Services, transaction information is transmitted in encrypted form using industry-standard SSL connections to help protect such information from interception. We restrict authorized access to your personal data to those persons who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. Runna follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once Runna receives it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while Runna strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. Should a data breach occur that presents a high risk we shall inform the appropriate authorities within 72 hours of the breach and, if required or otherwise appropriate, we shall inform you. Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to request: If you want to exercise any of the rights described above or you have any questions on how we use your personal data, please reach out to us via email at support@runna.com. Our services are not intended for children under 18 years of age. If you are under this age, you should not use the Services. Our Services use technical measures to prevent children under 18 years of age from creating an account and therefore we do not knowingly collect personal data from any persons under such age. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete that information, terminate that person's account, and restrict access to that person. If you are a parent that has become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us. If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy and the handling and security of your data, please contact us via email at support@runna.com. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at support@runna.com. 48,000+ ratings on Apple App Store 8,000+ ratings on Google Play Store
