Find appointments by:SpecialtyChevron Right IconMaterial Arrow Back IconSpecialtyAllergistCounseling & therapyCovid-19DermatologistInfectionsMenopauseMental healthPolycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)PediatricsPsychiatryUrgent careWeight lossWomen's healthMedicationChevron Right IconMaterial Arrow Back IconMedicationRefill a PrescriptionBupropion SREscitalopramEstradiolFinasterideFluoxetineMetforminOndansetronPaxlovidPrednisoneQuetiapineSertralineSildenafilSpironolactoneTrazodoneValacyclovirSee all medicationSymptomChevron Right IconMaterial Arrow Back IconSymptomAcneAnxietyAsthmaBack painCovid-19DepressionEar infectionEczemaMigraineSinus infectionSore throatUTIWeight lossServiceChevron Right IconMaterial Arrow Back IconServiceWeight loss programTelehealth appointmentOnline doctor prescription & refill Online UTI prescription appointmentErectile dysfunction / ED meds onlineOnline dermatologist appointmentsOnline weight loss doctor & specialistsUrgent careX-ray referralMRI referralOnline birth control consultOnline mental health appointmentOnline therapy appointmentOnline skin doctor appointmentsOnline allergy doctor appointmentLife situationChevron Right IconMaterial Arrow Back IconLife situationI am travelingI have a high deductibleI moved to a new areaI need a new doctorMy doctor has a long waitMy insurance doesn't cover thisMy job status has changed AccountLog inSign up20% off welcome couponRefer a friend SesameDownload the appPartner with usMembershipHelpBlog ProviderList your practiceProvider log in Privacy PolicyLast updated September 23, 2024OverviewYour access to, and use of the Sesame, Inc. (d/b/a SesameCare or Sesame) ("Sesame") services which include this web site (sesamecare.com) and the information, products and services that we provide to you and other users through this web site, as well as any mobile applications ("Sesame App(s)") provided by us in connection with our products and services (collectively, the "Sesame Services") is subject to the Sesame Services Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy.Sesame has created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we gather from you when you use the Sesame Services, how we may use this information, the security approaches we use to protect your information, and how you can access and request modification of certain information that we may store about you. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected via the Sesame Services – it does not apply to information you disclose to Sesame through other means. This Privacy Policy is incorporated and made part of the Sesame Services Terms of Service.Your Acceptance of This Privacy Policy and Changes to ItBy accessing, viewing or otherwise using any Sesame Service, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Sesame in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not use any Sesame Service. Sesame reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice. Changes take effect on the date that change appears on the revised Privacy Policy. If you use any Sesame Service following a change in this Privacy Policy, your use will be understood to signal that you accept and agree to be bound by the changes. Accordingly, we urge you to review this Privacy Policy frequently for changes.What information do we collect?We collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") and other non-individually identifiable information from you when you register on the Sesame Services, respond to communication such as e-mail, or otherwise use the Sesame Services in any manner.To participate in certain features of the Sesame Services, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information. For example, when registering as a user on any Sesame Service, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, birth date, mailing address, zip code, phone number, credit card information or other Personal Information. You may, however, visit portions of the Sesame Services without providing any Personal Information. If you become a member and use the Sesame Services to connect to a health care provider, that healthcare provider and other providers in the same health care practice will have access to Personal Information in your account for purposes of your treatment.If you choose to upload any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) via the Service, including Protected Health Information ("PHI") as defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and related state data privacy laws, this Privacy Policy covers how Sesame collects, receives, uses, retains, and discloses such PII and PHI on its website (sesamecare.com) and on its patient-facing mobile application (the "App"). PHI includes information relating to your health, for example medical history, test and laboratory results, insurance information and other data that you upload and share with a healthcare professional, and data that a healthcare professional collects to identify an individual and determine appropriate care. PII and PHI may include other types of information depending on the legal definition that applies in your physical location. Only the definitions of PII and PHI that apply in your location will apply to you under this Privacy Policy.We may collect and use mobile device identifiers, IP addresses and session identifiers to analyze trends, to administer the Sesame Services, to track user activities, to infer user interests, and to otherwise induce, deduce, and gather information about individual users and market segments.Like many web sites and certain mobile apps, we use and may allow third party service providers to use "cookies", flash cookies, local shared objects, web beacons, pixels, single pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, and/or other tracking technologies to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to the Sesame Services, including how you use the Sesame Services ("Usage Data"). Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.We may also collect transactional information, customer services information, or any other legally permissible information.We may also collect and store certain other personally non-identifiable information. This information is collected passively using various technologies, and cannot presently be used to specifically identify you.We may collect information about your location when you use the Sesame Services and/or our App, which helps us provide Sesame Services, features and functionality. Your location can be determined based on your IP address. IP-based location information can only identify your general physical location or movements to a geographic region, such as city, state, and country, but cannot be used to identify your precise physical location or movements.Your information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information, information about households and other information that we may append or match to your information.How do we use your information?We may use the Personal Information and other data we collect from you when you register, purchase services, respond to a survey or marketing communication, access or view the Sesame Services, or use certain other Sesame Service features in the following ways:To provide any legitimate business service or product.To personalize your Sesame Service and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested (including to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers).To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To contact you when necessary or requested.To quickly process your transactions.To verify and validate your identity.To administer a promotion, survey or other Sesame Service features.To the extent you have not opted out of receiving marketing communications, to send you information about Sesame or our products or the Sesame Services, including by letter, email, text, telephone or other forms of communication.To the extent you have not opted out of receiving marketing communications, to provide you with information about third-party businesses, products and services, including by letter, email, text, telephone or other forms of communication.To show you advertisements, including interest-based or online behavioral advertising.To troubleshoot problems with the Sesame Services, or any services, as requested.To enforce the Terms of Service, and to detect and protect against error, fraud and other unauthorized or illegal activities.To operate and improve the Services available through us.To fulfill your requests for tools, software, functionality, features and other products, and services;To communicate with you and respond to your inquiries.To conduct research about your use of our products;To help offer you other products, features or services that may be of interest.We reserve the right to make full use of Usage Data. For example, we may use Usage Data to provide better service to Service visitors or end users, customize the Services based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends about the use of our Services and otherwise administer and improve our Services.You understand and agree that if you are using any Sesame Service from a country outside the United States and provide Personal Information to the Sesame Service, you will be authorizing and consenting to the transfer of Personal Information about yourself to the United States. You understand that the privacy laws of the United States may be different from and not as comprehensive or protective as those in your country, and you agree that the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States occurs with your consent. Personal Information collected on the Sesame Service may be stored and processed in the United States or abroad.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?You understand and agree that we can disclose your Personal Information and other data to third parties, as follows:To our subsidiaries or affiliates, strategic partners and to third parties we engage to provide services, such as medical services, web site hosting, credit card payment processing, order processing, analytics services etc.In the event of the sale or transfer of Sesame, of one or more of our business units or of some or all of our assets, or in the context of some other business acquisition transaction.In response to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example a subpoena, court order, or search warrant); to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against claims; or to protect the safety or security of the public or of users of the Sesame Services; or in other circumstances in which we have a good-faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by a user of our Services, that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person,When necessary to protect either our rights or our property or for us to render the service you have requested.We can disclose aggregate information and other non-individually identifiable information about users of the Sesame Service to our service providers, partners, advertisers or others. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our websites and/or other products or services.Correcting, Updating and Deleting Your Personal InformationYou can correct or update your Personal Information by re-registering or by contacting us by e-mail at security@sesamecare.com. It may take us up to 30 days to process your request.You also have the option to delete your account. For non-Sesame App users, you can request account deletion by sending an email to security@sesamecare.com. Sesame App users can delete their account through the settings section of the Sesame App. Sesame has implemented a two-day waiting period after initiating account deletion, during which time you can stop the deletion process and reactivate your account. After this period, any visits, active memberships, or subscriptions connected to a deleted account will be terminated without refund of any fees already paid or any portion of the membership or subscription fee paid for the current term.Please note that medical records must be retained pursuant to applicable medical record retention laws. While we will delete your account and associated data that is not legally required to be retained, we will retain your medical records subject to and in compliance with applicable medical record retention laws.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser or mobile device that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies help us in many ways to make your use of the Sesame Services more enjoyable and meaningful, such as understanding usage patterns and improving functionality of the Sesame Services. For instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current Sesame Services activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about Sesame Services traffic and Sesame Services interaction so that we can offer better Sesame Services experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Sesame Service visitors. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Sesame Services and enhance your experience when you use the Sesame Services. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.If you are using our website, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. If you are accessing our mobile app, you can choose to change your permissions and settings on your mobile device. Each browser and device is different, so look at your browser or devices Help or Settings menu to learn the correct way to modify them. If you turn cookies off or disable certain permissions, you won't have access to many features that make your Sesame Service more efficient and some of our services will not function properly."Do Not Track"Our Sesame Services currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" (DNT) signals and do not recognize browser-based "do-not-track" requests.Safeguarding Your Personal Information Privacy and Third Party LinksSesame follows generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security of Personal Information, including Protected Health Information. However, no commercial method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any Personal Information submitted to or otherwise collected during your use of any Sesame Service. Accordingly, you understand and agree that you transmit all data, including Personal Information, to us at your own risk.Privacy and Third Party LinksThis Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Sesame Service through our web site located at sesamecare.com and the mobile application(s) we make available. In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on the Sesame Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third party sites and services that are accessible through these links and we suggest that you contact the operator of the third party service to obtain details about their privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites or services. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of the Sesame Services and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).ExclusionsThis Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through the Sesame Services or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.Children's PrivacyOnly individuals 18 years of age or older are authorized to use the Sesame Services, either for themselves or on behalf of their minor children. We do not knowingly collect information directly from children under the age of eighteen. If you have reason to believe that an individual under the age of 18 has provided Personal Information to us through a Sesame Service, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.Retention of Your Personal InformationWe will store the Personal Information you provide for as long as we believe is necessary or appropriate (i) to carry out the purpose(s) for which we collected it, or (ii) to comply with applicable laws, contracts, or other rules or regulations. In the event you choose to delete your account, we will delete your personal information that is not legally required to be retained. However, we are legally required to retain medical records subject to applicable medical record retention laws, even after account deletion.Questions and FeedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about the Sesame Services. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to the Sesame Services to security@sesamecare.com.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSFor California residents: We may share your personal information with third parties and affiliated third parties (such as local, state and regional affiliates and affiliate alliances), some of which do not share the We name, for their direct marketing purposes. As these third parties and this category of affiliated third parties are considered an unaffiliated party under California law, you may opt-out of our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out, please contact us as described in the "How to Contact Us" Section below.We will continue to provide your information to local, state and regional affiliates and affiliate alliances identified in your membership application or account for the purpose of processing your membership in such affiliate and affiliate alliance programs.California Consumer Privacy ActThe California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), effective January 1, 2020, gives California consumers enhanced rights with respect to their personal information that is collected by businesses. First, California consumers may opt out of having their personal information sold to other persons or parties. Second, they have a right to know:What specific pieces of information a business has about the consumer;Categories of personal information it has collected about the consumer;Categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;Categories of personal information that the business sold or disclosed for a business purpose about the consumer;Categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; andThe business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.In addition, California consumers can request that the personal information a business has collected about them be deleted from the business's systems and records.Company may be considered a covered business under the CCPA as it collects and processes the personal information of California consumers. This Privacy Policy provides the required notices to California consumers. The CCPA also prohibits covered businesses from providing discriminatory treatment to California consumers if they exercise their rights under the Act.We may share your information with third parties to provide products and services you have requested, when we have your consent, or as described in this Privacy Policy.To make a "request to know" or request to delete your personal information, send us an e-mail at security@sesamecare.com (Please put either "Request to Know" or "Request to Delete" in the subject heading of your email.) We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor these requests whether or not you would qualify as a California consumer under the CCPA. Please note medical records must be retained pursuant to applicable medical record retention laws and cannot be deleted.If and to the extent we are considered a covered business under the CCPA: We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days along with a description of what steps we will take to verify and respond. We must provide the requested information or delete your personal information within 45 days of receipt of your request but can use an additional 45 days, but we must let you know the additional time is needed.When contacting us, we may ask you to provide certain, limited personal information, such as your name, email address and/or account login ID and/or password, to verify your request and to match with our records and systems. This is also to protect against fraud. We will not retain this personal information or use it for any other purpose. Also please be advised that we need to search our records and systems only for the preceding 12 months.Residents of other states may also have similar rights to request information about or delete their personal information. To inquire about exercising these rights, please contact us at security@sesamecare.com. Pursuant to California's "Shine The Light law (California Civil Code § 1798.983), California residents are entitled, once a year and free of charge, to request the disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, if any. Under the law, a business should either provide California customers certain information upon request or permit California customers to opt out of this type of sharing. You may request this information by contacting us at security@sesamecare.com and indicate in the email subject line, "California Shine The Light Request." Please include your mailing address, state of residence and email address with your request. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. Your continued use of any Services constitutes your acceptance of any such changes.Please send any questions or feedback pertaining to the Privacy Policy to Sesame's Data Protection Officer at security@sesamecare.com. Your access to, and use of the Sesame, Inc. (d/b/a SesameCare or Sesame) ("Sesame") services which include this web site (sesamecare.com) and the information, products and services that we provide to you and other users through this web site, as well as any mobile applications ("Sesame App(s)") provided by us in connection with our products and services (collectively, the "Sesame Services") is subject to the Sesame Services Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. Sesame has created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we gather from you when you use the Sesame Services, how we may use this information, the security approaches we use to protect your information, and how you can access and request modification of certain information that we may store about you. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected via the Sesame Services – it does not apply to information you disclose to Sesame through other means. This Privacy Policy is incorporated and made part of the Sesame Services Terms of Service. By accessing, viewing or otherwise using any Sesame Service, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Sesame in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not use any Sesame Service. Sesame reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice. Changes take effect on the date that change appears on the revised Privacy Policy. If you use any Sesame Service following a change in this Privacy Policy, your use will be understood to signal that you accept and agree to be bound by the changes. Accordingly, we urge you to review this Privacy Policy frequently for changes. We collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") and other non-individually identifiable information from you when you register on the Sesame Services, respond to communication such as e-mail, or otherwise use the Sesame Services in any manner. To participate in certain features of the Sesame Services, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information. For example, when registering as a user on any Sesame Service, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, birth date, mailing address, zip code, phone number, credit card information or other Personal Information. You may, however, visit portions of the Sesame Services without providing any Personal Information. If you become a member and use the Sesame Services to connect to a health care provider, that healthcare provider and other providers in the same health care practice will have access to Personal Information in your account for purposes of your treatment. If you choose to upload any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) via the Service, including Protected Health Information ("PHI") as defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and related state data privacy laws, this Privacy Policy covers how Sesame collects, receives, uses, retains, and discloses such PII and PHI on its website (sesamecare.com) and on its patient-facing mobile application (the "App"). PHI includes information relating to your health, for example medical history, test and laboratory results, insurance information and other data that you upload and share with a healthcare professional, and data that a healthcare professional collects to identify an individual and determine appropriate care. PII and PHI may include other types of information depending on the legal definition that applies in your physical location. Only the definitions of PII and PHI that apply in your location will apply to you under this Privacy Policy. We may collect and use mobile device identifiers, IP addresses and session identifiers to analyze trends, to administer the Sesame Services, to track user activities, to infer user interests, and to otherwise induce, deduce, and gather information about individual users and market segments. Like many web sites and certain mobile apps, we use and may allow third party service providers to use "cookies", flash cookies, local shared objects, web beacons, pixels, single pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, and/or other tracking technologies to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to the Sesame Services, including how you use the Sesame Services ("Usage Data"). Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them. We may also collect transactional information, customer services information, or any other legally permissible information. We may also collect and store certain other personally non-identifiable information. This information is collected passively using various technologies, and cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may collect information about your location when you use the Sesame Services and/or our App, which helps us provide Sesame Services, features and functionality. Your location can be determined based on your IP address. IP-based location information can only identify your general physical location or movements to a geographic region, such as city, state, and country, but cannot be used to identify your precise physical location or movements. Your information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information, information about households and other information that we may append or match to your information. We may use the Personal Information and other data we collect from you when you register, purchase services, respond to a survey or marketing communication, access or view the Sesame Services, or use certain other Sesame Service features in the following ways: We reserve the right to make full use of Usage Data. For example, we may use Usage Data to provide better service to Service visitors or end users, customize the Services based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends about the use of our Services and otherwise administer and improve our Services. You understand and agree that if you are using any Sesame Service from a country outside the United States and provide Personal Information to the Sesame Service, you will be authorizing and consenting to the transfer of Personal Information about yourself to the United States. You understand that the privacy laws of the United States may be different from and not as comprehensive or protective as those in your country, and you agree that the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States occurs with your consent. Personal Information collected on the Sesame Service may be stored and processed in the United States or abroad. You understand and agree that we can disclose your Personal Information and other data to third parties, as follows: You can correct or update your Personal Information by re-registering or by contacting us by e-mail at security@sesamecare.com. It may take us up to 30 days to process your request. You also have the option to delete your account. For non-Sesame App users, you can request account deletion by sending an email to security@sesamecare.com. Sesame App users can delete their account through the settings section of the Sesame App. Sesame has implemented a two-day waiting period after initiating account deletion, during which time you can stop the deletion process and reactivate your account. After this period, any visits, active memberships, or subscriptions connected to a deleted account will be terminated without refund of any fees already paid or any portion of the membership or subscription fee paid for the current term. Please note that medical records must be retained pursuant to applicable medical record retention laws. While we will delete your account and associated data that is not legally required to be retained, we will retain your medical records subject to and in compliance with applicable medical record retention laws. Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser or mobile device that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies help us in many ways to make your use of the Sesame Services more enjoyable and meaningful, such as understanding usage patterns and improving functionality of the Sesame Services. For instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current Sesame Services activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about Sesame Services traffic and Sesame Services interaction so that we can offer better Sesame Services experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Sesame Service visitors. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Sesame Services and enhance your experience when you use the Sesame Services. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. If you are using our website, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. If you are accessing our mobile app, you can choose to change your permissions and settings on your mobile device. Each browser and device is different, so look at your browser or devices Help or Settings menu to learn the correct way to modify them. If you turn cookies off or disable certain permissions, you won't have access to many features that make your Sesame Service more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. Our Sesame Services currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" (DNT) signals and do not recognize browser-based "do-not-track" requests. Sesame follows generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security of Personal Information, including Protected Health Information. However, no commercial method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any Personal Information submitted to or otherwise collected during your use of any Sesame Service. Accordingly, you understand and agree that you transmit all data, including Personal Information, to us at your own risk. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Sesame Service through our web site located at sesamecare.com and the mobile application(s) we make available. In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on the Sesame Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third party sites and services that are accessible through these links and we suggest that you contact the operator of the third party service to obtain details about their privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites or services. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of the Sesame Services and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work). This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through the Sesame Services or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Only individuals 18 years of age or older are authorized to use the Sesame Services, either for themselves or on behalf of their minor children. We do not knowingly collect information directly from children under the age of eighteen. If you have reason to believe that an individual under the age of 18 has provided Personal Information to us through a Sesame Service, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. We will store the Personal Information you provide for as long as we believe is necessary or appropriate (i) to carry out the purpose(s) for which we collected it, or (ii) to comply with applicable laws, contracts, or other rules or regulations. In the event you choose to delete your account, we will delete your personal information that is not legally required to be retained. However, we are legally required to retain medical records subject to applicable medical record retention laws, even after account deletion. We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about the Sesame Services. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to the Sesame Services to security@sesamecare.com. For California residents: We may share your personal information with third parties and affiliated third parties (such as local, state and regional affiliates and affiliate alliances), some of which do not share the We name, for their direct marketing purposes. As these third parties and this category of affiliated third parties are considered an unaffiliated party under California law, you may opt-out of our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out, please contact us as described in the "How to Contact Us" Section below. We will continue to provide your information to local, state and regional affiliates and affiliate alliances identified in your membership application or account for the purpose of processing your membership in such affiliate and affiliate alliance programs. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), effective January 1, 2020, gives California consumers enhanced rights with respect to their personal information that is collected by businesses. First, California consumers may opt out of having their personal information sold to other persons or parties. Second, they have a right to know: In addition, California consumers can request that the personal information a business has collected about them be deleted from the business's systems and records. Company may be considered a covered business under the CCPA as it collects and processes the personal information of California consumers. This Privacy Policy provides the required notices to California consumers. The CCPA also prohibits covered businesses from providing discriminatory treatment to California consumers if they exercise their rights under the Act. We may share your information with third parties to provide products and services you have requested, when we have your consent, or as described in this Privacy Policy. To make a "request to know" or request to delete your personal information, send us an e-mail at security@sesamecare.com (Please put either "Request to Know" or "Request to Delete" in the subject heading of your email.) We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor these requests whether or not you would qualify as a California consumer under the CCPA. Please note medical records must be retained pursuant to applicable medical record retention laws and cannot be deleted. If and to the extent we are considered a covered business under the CCPA: We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days along with a description of what steps we will take to verify and respond. We must provide the requested information or delete your personal information within 45 days of receipt of your request but can use an additional 45 days, but we must let you know the additional time is needed. When contacting us, we may ask you to provide certain, limited personal information, such as your name, email address and/or account login ID and/or password, to verify your request and to match with our records and systems. This is also to protect against fraud. We will not retain this personal information or use it for any other purpose. Also please be advised that we need to search our records and systems only for the preceding 12 months. Residents of other states may also have similar rights to request information about or delete their personal information. To inquire about exercising these rights, please contact us at security@sesamecare.com. Pursuant to California's "Shine The Light law (California Civil Code § 1798.983), California residents are entitled, once a year and free of charge, to request the disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, if any. Under the law, a business should either provide California customers certain information upon request or permit California customers to opt out of this type of sharing. You may request this information by contacting us at security@sesamecare.com and indicate in the email subject line, "California Shine The Light Request." Please include your mailing address, state of residence and email address with your request. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. Your continued use of any Services constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Please send any questions or feedback pertaining to the Privacy Policy to Sesame's Data Protection Officer at security@sesamecare.com.
