Just published: ML breakthrough in sleep disorder detection. See The Results → Enhance innovation and validate product claims. Integrate sleep intelligence into your own product. Answers to your top questions about SleepScore App. Be part of projects that improve sleep for all. Antworten auf Ihre Fragen rund um Dein Schlaf App. Ihr persönlicher Plan für besseren, erholsamen Schlaf. On a mission to change the world through the power of sleep. Explore the science behind healthier, deeper sleep. Read our scientific papers and peer reviewed publications. Read our latest announcements and press releases. In-depth sleep articles: expert reports, trends, tips & evidence-backed guidance for improving your nights. Casual and helpful blog posts: real-life sleep tips, stories & simple ways to rest more peacefully every day. General sleep health advice: bedtime routines, myths, FAQs & all the basics to help you sleep better tonight. Scientific breakthroughs shaping the future of sleep. Home For Business Enhance innovation and validate product claims. Integrate sleep intelligence into your own product. For Customers Answers to your top questions about SleepScore App. Be part of projects that improve sleep for all. Antworten auf Ihre Fragen rund um Dein Schlaf App. Ihr persönlicher Plan für besseren, erholsamen Schlaf. About On a mission to change the world through the power of sleep. Explore the science behind healthier, deeper sleep. Read our scientific papers and peer reviewed publications. Read our latest announcements and press releases. Insights In-depth sleep articles: expert reports, trends, tips & evidence-backed guidance for improving your nights. Casual and helpful blog posts: real-life sleep tips, stories & simple ways to rest more peacefully every day. General sleep health advice: bedtime routines, myths, FAQs & all the basics to help you sleep better tonight. Scientific breakthroughs shaping the future of sleep. Contact Privacy PolicyLast Updated: May 2024Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Notice (“Notice“) describes how Consumer Sleep Solutions LLC dba SleepScore Labs (“SleepScore”, “we“, “us” or “our“) collects, uses and stores personal data about you when you visit our website www.sleepscore.com. SleepScore also operates an App available on the relevant app store, the privacy notice for our App can be found here https://www.sleep.ai/privacy-policy/“.For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, the controller of your personal data is Consumer Sleep Solutions LLC of 2175, Salk Avenue, Suite 200, Carlsbad CA 92007. USA. The contact details of our Data Protection Officer (“DPO“) are: DPO@sleepscorelabs.comWhat Personal Data Do We Collect About You? Why and How Do We Process your Personal Data?This section explains the categories of personal data that we may collect about you, why we process your personal data and how we process your personal data.1.1 Request for informationWhy: When you visit our Website and you request information about our Services we may collect your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address and use it to communicate with you and to comply with your request;Data We Collect: Basic contact details including your first and last name, email address.How (Legal Basis): It is necessary to process this personal data to contact you and to provide you with the information you are requesting. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR“).1.2 Newsletters Subscription & Marketing communicationWhy: When you visit our Website, we may ask for your details to contact you about our company, our services or you may subscribe to our newsletter or other marketing related information.Data We Collect: Basic contact details including your first and last name, email address and phone number.How (Legal Basis): where we process your data for the purpose of promoting our company or services to you, we rely on your consent to do so in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Important: you may withdraw your consent to our processing of such data at any time – please see below for more details.1.3 Testimonials & Social Media CommentsWhy: If you submit comments or testimonials to us directly or via social media, we will use your data to provide information to other users to inform them about your experiences with our services.Data We Collect: Testimonial, Videos or social media posts may contain your name, country/city and your experience with our service.How (Legal Basis): where we process your data for promotional purposes and rely on your consent to do so in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Important: you may withdraw your consent to our processing of such data at any time – please see below for more details.1.4 Website browsing activity / CookiesWhy: We may process your website browsing activity to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our website, understand what way visitors interact with the website, maintain security of our users and address and remediate technical issues and bugs. Data We Collect: We may collect personal data about your device and how you / your device interacts with our website.How (Legal Basis): where we process your usage data, we rely on your consent to do so in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Important: you may withdraw your consent to our processing of such data at any time – please see below for more details.For further information also see our cookie notice https://www.sleep.ai/cookie-policy/1.5 Recruitment / CareersWhy: You may contact us regarding open roles as advertised on our careers https://www.sleep.ai/careers/ page. If you contact us directly, we will use the personal information you provide to us strictly in relation to the relevant job application.Data We Collect: We may collect personal data about you including your name, contact details and job related information.How (Legal Basis): We collect, use and process your Personal Data where: (i) this is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest pursued by us (such as managing the workforce and the protection of our business); (ii) we are permitted or required to do so by applicable law; (iii) this is necessary in connection with your employment contract or (iv) you have consented to us processing your information for a specific reason.1.6 Customer ServiceWhy: If you contact us through this website for any customer support queries related to our SleepScore app based delivery service, we will process your information to provide our customer support service to you.Data We Collect: we collect personal data about you, such as your email address and any other information you provide to us in your communication to us. When you contact us for customer support, any phone conversations, email correspondence with our representatives may be monitored and reviewed for training purposes.How (Legal Basis): It is necessary to process this personal data to provide customer service and support to you. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR“).Retention of your Personal DataWe will store your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include(i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship and/or provide our services;(ii) whether there is a legal requirement to which we are subject; and(iii) whether the retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).In case of marketing activities, we will keep your data as long as you consent to the use for the specified purpose.For the storage period of cookies, the information can be found in the cookie notice.Please contact us if you wish to obtain further information concerning our retention periods (see ‘Contact Us’ below).Sharing of Personal DataWe will share your personal data within our own business and customer teams for the purposes described in this Notice. We will also share your personal data with the following service providers:Webhosting providersTechnological and analytical service providers to improve our websiteProviders of customer support related servicesService providers and collaborators related to marketing and publicity, such as advertising agencies, advertising partners or social mediaThese service providers will only have access to the personal data necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your personal data.Information transferred to 3rd party suppliers and TransfersAccess to your data is only allowed for company’s authorized employees involved in providing the website. Such employees keep strict confidentiality and prevent unauthorized third-party access to personal information.SleepScore uses third party suppliers to provide the website and associated services to you who are outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).It is our policy that that such transfers to 3rd parties:do not occur without our prior written authority.an appropriate transfer agreement is put in place to protect your personal data (such as the Standard Contractual Clauses, as published by the European Commission);your data protection rights remain fully effective; andthat your personal data are kept secure by way of technical, organizational and contractual measures, such as access controls, encryption (in transit and at rest), pseudonymization and staff training, to ensure that these recipients cannot identify you or process your personal data for any purposes other than those authorized by us to provide this website and associated services to you.If you would like to find out more about any such transfers, please contact us by e-mailing DPO@sleepscorelabs.com.Your Rights in Relation to Your Personal DataYou have a number of rights in relation to your personal data – these rights are set out below. In particular, these rights include the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data (where we rely on your consent to do so). Note that in certain circumstances these rights might not be absolute.You can exercise these rights by contacting us at support@sleepscorelabs.com.SleepScore will respond to your request within thirty (30) days or less. In some instances, we may need to extend this response time by two further months. We will let you know if this need arises.5.1 Right to Withdraw ConsentWhere you have provided your consent to allow us to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by updating your settings (e.g. opting out). In certain cases, we may continue to process your personal data after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities. Where you withdraw your consent, it does not affect the lawfulness of any processing we carried out in relation to your personal data before your withdrawal.5.2 Right of AccessYou have the right to access and be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us. You can access much of your personal data by logging into your account.5.3 Right to ErasureYou may request that your account or any of your personal data held by us is deleted. Once deleted, your personal data, including your account data and related activities cannot be retrieved.5.4 Right to RectificationYou have the right to ask us to have any inaccurate personal data which we hold about you updated or corrected. You can also rectify your personal data by logging into your account.5.5 Right to RestrictionYou have the right to ask us to restrict our processing your personal data in certain situations, including if you believe that the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or our processing of your personal data is unlawful. If you validly exercise this right, we will store your personal data and will not carry out any other processing until the issue is resolved. You can also restrict your personal data by logging into your account.5.6 Right to Data PortabilityYou can request us to provide you with your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may request us to transmit your personal data directly to another controller where this is technically feasible.5.7 Rights in Respect of Automated Decision Making (including Profiling)You have the right to not be subject to solely automated decision-making, including profiling, which has legal effects or other similarly significant effects on you. To exercise this right, you can: (a) request that a person reviews any such decision; (b) express your point of view; and/or (c) contest the decision.5.8 Right to Lodge a Complaint with Data Protection AuthorityIf you wish to raise a concern about our processing of your personal data (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so by lodging a complaint with either the Data Protection Commission in Ireland (please see www.dataprotection.ie for further information) or your local data protection authorityCollection of Personal Data from ChildrenSleepScore does not provide services to children, nor do we market to children. If you are under the age of 16, please do not submit any personal information through our website. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Notice by instructing their children never to provide personal information via our website without their guardian’s consent.Changes to the NoticeThis Notice is subject to change from time to time. We encourage you to review this Notice occasionally.We will identify changes, including material changes, to the Privacy Notice by updating the “Last Updated” date. Your use of the website after any update to this Privacy Notice will constitute your acceptance of the changes.How to Contact UsIf you have any technical or support questions, please contact us via email at support@sleepscorelabs.com.If you have any privacy concerns, complaints or inquiries for the DPO of SleepScore, please contact us via email at DPO@sleepscorelabs.com. Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Notice (“Notice“) describes how Consumer Sleep Solutions LLC dba SleepScore Labs (“SleepScore”, “we“, “us” or “our“) collects, uses and stores personal data about you when you visit our website www.sleepscore.com. SleepScore also operates an App available on the relevant app store, the privacy notice for our App can be found here https://www.sleep.ai/privacy-policy/“. For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, the controller of your personal data is Consumer Sleep Solutions LLC of 2175, Salk Avenue, Suite 200, Carlsbad CA 92007. USA. The contact details of our Data Protection Officer (“DPO“) are: DPO@sleepscorelabs.com This section explains the categories of personal data that we may collect about you, why we process your personal data and how we process your personal data. Why: When you visit our Website and you request information about our Services we may collect your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address and use it to communicate with you and to comply with your request;Data We Collect: Basic contact details including your first and last name, email address. How (Legal Basis): It is necessary to process this personal data to contact you and to provide you with the information you are requesting. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR“). Why: When you visit our Website, we may ask for your details to contact you about our company, our services or you may subscribe to our newsletter or other marketing related information.Data We Collect: Basic contact details including your first and last name, email address and phone number. How (Legal Basis): where we process your data for the purpose of promoting our company or services to you, we rely on your consent to do so in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Important: you may withdraw your consent to our processing of such data at any time – please see below for more details. Why: If you submit comments or testimonials to us directly or via social media, we will use your data to provide information to other users to inform them about your experiences with our services.Data We Collect: Testimonial, Videos or social media posts may contain your name, country/city and your experience with our service. How (Legal Basis): where we process your data for promotional purposes and rely on your consent to do so in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Important: you may withdraw your consent to our processing of such data at any time – please see below for more details. Why: We may process your website browsing activity to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our website, understand what way visitors interact with the website, maintain security of our users and address and remediate technical issues and bugs. Data We Collect: We may collect personal data about your device and how you / your device interacts with our website. How (Legal Basis): where we process your usage data, we rely on your consent to do so in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Important: you may withdraw your consent to our processing of such data at any time – please see below for more details. For further information also see our cookie notice https://www.sleep.ai/cookie-policy/ Why: You may contact us regarding open roles as advertised on our careers https://www.sleep.ai/careers/ page. If you contact us directly, we will use the personal information you provide to us strictly in relation to the relevant job application. Data We Collect: We may collect personal data about you including your name, contact details and job related information. How (Legal Basis): We collect, use and process your Personal Data where: (i) this is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest pursued by us (such as managing the workforce and the protection of our business); (ii) we are permitted or required to do so by applicable law; (iii) this is necessary in connection with your employment contract or (iv) you have consented to us processing your information for a specific reason. Why: If you contact us through this website for any customer support queries related to our SleepScore app based delivery service, we will process your information to provide our customer support service to you. Data We Collect: we collect personal data about you, such as your email address and any other information you provide to us in your communication to us. When you contact us for customer support, any phone conversations, email correspondence with our representatives may be monitored and reviewed for training purposes. How (Legal Basis): It is necessary to process this personal data to provide customer service and support to you. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR“). We will store your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include In case of marketing activities, we will keep your data as long as you consent to the use for the specified purpose. For the storage period of cookies, the information can be found in the cookie notice. Please contact us if you wish to obtain further information concerning our retention periods (see ‘Contact Us’ below). We will share your personal data within our own business and customer teams for the purposes described in this Notice. We will also share your personal data with the following service providers: These service providers will only have access to the personal data necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your personal data. Access to your data is only allowed for company’s authorized employees involved in providing the website. Such employees keep strict confidentiality and prevent unauthorized third-party access to personal information. SleepScore uses third party suppliers to provide the website and associated services to you who are outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It is our policy that that such transfers to 3rd parties: If you would like to find out more about any such transfers, please contact us by e-mailing DPO@sleepscorelabs.com. You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data – these rights are set out below. In particular, these rights include the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data (where we rely on your consent to do so). Note that in certain circumstances these rights might not be absolute. You can exercise these rights by contacting us at support@sleepscorelabs.com. SleepScore will respond to your request within thirty (30) days or less. In some instances, we may need to extend this response time by two further months. We will let you know if this need arises. Where you have provided your consent to allow us to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by updating your settings (e.g. opting out). In certain cases, we may continue to process your personal data after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities. Where you withdraw your consent, it does not affect the lawfulness of any processing we carried out in relation to your personal data before your withdrawal. You have the right to access and be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us. You can access much of your personal data by logging into your account. You may request that your account or any of your personal data held by us is deleted. Once deleted, your personal data, including your account data and related activities cannot be retrieved. You have the right to ask us to have any inaccurate personal data which we hold about you updated or corrected. You can also rectify your personal data by logging into your account. You have the right to ask us to restrict our processing your personal data in certain situations, including if you believe that the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or our processing of your personal data is unlawful. If you validly exercise this right, we will store your personal data and will not carry out any other processing until the issue is resolved. You can also restrict your personal data by logging into your account. You can request us to provide you with your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may request us to transmit your personal data directly to another controller where this is technically feasible. You have the right to not be subject to solely automated decision-making, including profiling, which has legal effects or other similarly significant effects on you. To exercise this right, you can: (a) request that a person reviews any such decision; (b) express your point of view; and/or (c) contest the decision. If you wish to raise a concern about our processing of your personal data (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so by lodging a complaint with either the Data Protection Commission in Ireland (please see www.dataprotection.ie for further information) or your local data protection authority SleepScore does not provide services to children, nor do we market to children. If you are under the age of 16, please do not submit any personal information through our website. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Notice by instructing their children never to provide personal information via our website without their guardian’s consent. This Notice is subject to change from time to time. We encourage you to review this Notice occasionally. We will identify changes, including material changes, to the Privacy Notice by updating the “Last Updated” date. Your use of the website after any update to this Privacy Notice will constitute your acceptance of the changes. If you have any technical or support questions, please contact us via email at support@sleepscorelabs.com. If you have any privacy concerns, complaints or inquiries for the DPO of SleepScore, please contact us via email at DPO@sleepscorelabs.com. © 2025 Consumer Sleep Solutions LLC. All rights reserved.
