Updated 10th December 2020 Introduction In this privacy policy we outline what personal data we collect and how we store and use it. This privacy statement applies to our website www.runanempire.com (the Website), our application listed in the Apple Store and Google Play Store (the Application) and the services we provide. About US LOCATION GAMES LIMITED, TRADING AS RUN AN EMPIRE, IS A COMPANY REGISTERED IN ENGLAND, WITH OUR REGISTERED OFFICE ADDRESS AT 23 SHACKLETON COURT, 2 MARITIME QUAY, LONDON E14 3QF. OUR COMPANY NUMBER IS 09606827. OUR VAT NUMBER IS 199276741. FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE DATA PROTECTION ACT 1998, WE ARE THE DATA CONTROLLER IN RESPECT OF ANY PERSONAL DATA WHICH YOU MAY SUBMIT TO US. Access / Collect We collect information when you track, complete or upload activities using the Application. We also collect information about how you use the Application. The sensitive data we collect are personal data, location data – including in the background and device ID. Account We collect information such as your email address, gender, username and password that helps secure and provide you with access to our Services. Location Information We collect and process location information when you sign up for and use the Application. We do not track your device location while you are not using Stride, but in order to provide Stride’s core Application, it is necessary for us to track your device location. If you would like to stop the device location tracking, you may do so at any time by adjusting your device settings. Device ID We use collect your device identifier to link your activity to our marketing and analytics data. Connected Devices and Apps We collect location information from Garmin into Stride to provide the core product functionality Analytics We collect information from your browser and mobile device, which provide us with technical information when you access or use the Application or the Website. This technical information includes device information, cookies, log files and analytics information. UseApplication We use the information we collect and receive to provide the Application Track your activities – this is the core of our service. We track your activities to show where you have visited and the territory you have captured. Other players – For example, we allow you to interact with other players when they take your territory. Visualize – we show your activities in your profile, to other players and in a number of other ways. Social – Your information, including parts of your profile, username, profile photo, your activitiesand reactions you give and receive will be shared on The Application so that you may be able to participate in the Application. Analytics We also use the information we collect to analyze, develop and improve the Application. To do this, The Application may use third-party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used and to help us improve the Application. Share We do not share or sell data for marketing purposes. We do share Personal Information with vendors (data-processors) who are performing services for the Application, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. We also utilize external services to help us improve the Website and service. For example, we currently use Google Analytics (traffic analysis). These parties may also use cookies and tracking technologies. In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Statement, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Statement. We might also share personal information you have provided to us without your consent, in case we believe: 1. it’s needed to detect, prevent or address fraud, security or technical issues; 2. it’s needed to otherwise protect our property, legal rights, or that of others. Your personal information may be processed outside the EU. We make sure that they all have suitable data protection safeguards and documentation of it, such as being part of the EU-US privacy shield. We have GDPR compliant Data Processing Agreements in place with our data-processors. Personal data stored at data-processors is removed according to our data retention policy which is described below. ACCOUNT & ACTIVITY INFORMATION Your basic account information (user name and profile picture) are visible to other users. For instance, when they view the map or view a leaderboard. Other users have access to your profile page and activity information. You can control who is allowed to follow you via your privacy settings. If your account is public, your profile page and activities are publicly visible. Protect DATA PROTECTION We are doing everything possible to protect your personal data from loss, destruction, usage, alterations or distribution by unauthorised persons. DATA RETENTION We store data as long as it is necessary to provide our service. We delete all your personal information on request. BACKUPS We backup data regularly to ensure we can provide a reliable service. We cannot ensure the deletion of your personal data from these backups. In the event that we need to recover a backup, all personal data that is restored with that action will be deleted according to our data retention policy as soon as possible. THIRD PARTY DATA You can always disconnect third party accounts (like Endomondo or Garmin), upon which we will stop processing data of future activities. Data provided by these third parties while connected is stored and processed similarly to any other Stride data; to completely remove this data see “How can I see, modify, or delete my personal data?” below. COOKIES EXPERIENCE IMPROVEMENT We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. A cookie is a tiny piece of information that will be saved to your computer when you visit our website. Cookies make it possible for our website to recognize you when you return to us. Next to that, because of cookies our website is quicker and safer. Cookies also make it easier for us to spot errors on our website. If you want to disable cookies, you can change the settings of your browser. But please note: you will not have the best experience that our website has to offer. TRACKING COOKIES Third parties like Google Analytics may also use cookies and tracking technologies. They are only there for analysis and improvement (Google Analytics), and not for marketing or other purposes. Feel free to check out their own Privacy Policies to find out more about how they work. Privacy Policy Information Location Games reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review it occasionally. If Location Games makes changes to this Privacy Policy, the updated Privacy Policy will be posted on the Services in a timely manner and, if we make material changes, we will provide a prominent notice. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services and delete your account. IF YOU HAVE ANY OTHER CONCERNS OVER PRIVACY, THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE SERVICE PLEASE CONTACT US BY EMAIL TO DATA@RUNANEMPIRE.COM. WE WILL ENDEAVOUR TO RESPOND TO ANY QUERY OR QUESTIONS WITHIN 48 HOURS. LOCATION GAMES LIMITED T/A RUN AN EMPIRE 23 SHACKLETON COURT, 2 MARITIME QUAY, LONDON E14 3QF CONTACT@RUNANEMPIRE.COM 02037017494 ©2016 Location Games Ltd. All rights reserved.
