Last updated January 18, 2024 We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the site, express interest in our products or services, or contact us. This may include your name, email address, and social media login data. We may share your information in situations such as business transfers, with affiliates, business partners, or other users when you interact in public areas of the service. We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect and store your information. For more details, please refer to our Cookie Notice. If you choose to register or log in using a social media account, we may receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own. We will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law. We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law. We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time. Residents in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland have additional rights regarding their personal information. We do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. Yes, California residents have specific rights regarding access to their personal information, including the right to request information about our data sharing practices. Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. We will notify you of any material changes. If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at [email protected] To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request by emailing [email protected] Sunflower Product Features Company Company Careers Investors Contributors Resources Magazine Alcohol Methamphetamine Copyright © 2025 Sunflower Limited. All rights reserved. Terms of service Privacy policy Sunflower Product Features Company Company Careers Investors Contributors Resources Magazine Alcohol Methamphetamine Copyright © 2025 Sunflower Limited. All rights reserved. Terms of service Privacy policy Sunflower Product Features Company Company Careers Investors Contributors Resources Magazine Alcohol Methamphetamine Copyright © 2025 Sunflower Limited. All rights reserved. Terms of service Privacy policy Features Company Careers Magazine Investors Download app
