Times Health Home Technology AI Doctor Enterprise Download Changelog New Get Invited Times Health Times Health Privacy PolicyVersion 1.0 | Effective date: Aug 10, 2024 Version 1.0 | Effective date: Aug 10, 2024 Privacy PolicyVersion 1.0 | Effective date: Aug 10, 2024 Version 1.0 | Effective date: Aug 10, 2024 Privacy PolicyVersion 1.0 | Effective date: Aug 10, 2024 Version 1.0 | Effective date: Aug 10, 2024 Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy notice for Times Health LLC ("we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such as when you:Visit our website at www.times.health, or any website of ours that links to this privacy noticeDownload and use our mobile application (Times Health), or any other application of ours that links to this privacy noticeEngage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or eventsQuestions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at privacy@times.health.SUMMARY OF KEY POINTSThis summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Do we process any sensitive personal information? We may process sensitive personal information when necessary with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Do we collect any information from third parties? We do not collect any information from third parties.How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so.In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties.How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information.What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information.How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by visiting times.health/data-request, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? Review the privacy notice in full.TABLE OF CONTENTS1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?4. DO WE OFFER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-BASED PRODUCTS?5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES10. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?Personal information you disclose to usIn Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:Nick NameAgeGenderSensitive Information. When necessary, with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we process the following categories of sensitive information:Health DataApplication Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's microphone, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:To send administrative information to you. We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.To request feedback. We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.To identify usage trends. We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them.To comply with our legal obligations. We may process your information to comply with our legal obligations, respond to legal requests, and exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights.3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.4. DO WE OFFER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-BASED PRODUCTS?In Short: We offer products, features, or tools powered by artificial intelligence, machine learning, or similar technologies.As part of our Services, we offer products, features, or tools powered by artificial intelligence, machine learning, or similar technologies (collectively, "AI Products"). These tools are designed to enhance your experience and provide you with innovative solutions. The terms in this privacy notice govern your use of the AI Products within our Services.Use of AI TechnologiesWe provide the AI Products through third-party service providers ("AI Service Providers"), including Google Cloud AI. As outlined in this privacy notice, your input, output, and personal information will be shared with and processed by these AI Service Providers to enable your use of our AI Products for purposes outlined in "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?" You must not use the AI Products in any way that violates the terms or policies of any AI Service Provider.Our AI ProductsOur AI Products are designed for the following functions:AI botsNatural language processingHow We Process Your Data Using AIAll personal information processed using our AI Products is handled in line with our privacy notice and our agreement with third parties. This ensures high security and safeguards your personal information throughout the process, giving you peace of mind about your data's safety.5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements).When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market to children under 18 years of age, nor do we knowingly sell such personal information. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at privacy@time.health.8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, depending on your country, province, or state of residence.Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below.However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at privacy@times.health.9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURESMost web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser DNT signals. Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time.10. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short: If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. More information is provided below.Categories of Personal Information We CollectWe have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:We only collect sensitive personal information, as defined by applicable privacy laws or the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. Sensitive personal information may be used, or disclosed to a service provider or contractor, for additional, specified purposes. You may have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:Receiving help through our customer support channels;Participation in customer surveys or contests; andFacilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to provide the Services or for:Category H - As long as the user has an account with us Category L - As long as the user has an account with usSources of Personal InformationLearn more about the sources of personal information we collect in "WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?"How We Use and Share Personal InformationLearn about how we use your personal information in the section, "HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?"Will your information be shared with anyone else?We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Learn more about how we disclose personal information to in the section, "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?"We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information.We have not disclosed, sold, or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We will not sell or share personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users, and other consumers.Your RightsYou have rights under certain US state data protection laws. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:Right to know whether or not we are processing your personal dataRight to access your personal dataRight to correct inaccuracies in your personal dataRight to request the deletion of your personal dataRight to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with usRight to non-discrimination for exercising your rightsRight to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising (or sharing as defined under California’s privacy law), the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")Depending upon the state where you live, you may also have the following rights:Right to obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California's and Delaware's privacy law)Right to obtain a list of specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including Oregon’s privacy law)Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California’s privacy law)Right to opt out of the collection of sensitive data and personal data collected through the operation of a voice or facial recognition feature (as permitted by applicable law, including Florida’s privacy law)How to Exercise Your RightsTo exercise these rights, you can contact us by visiting times.health/data-request, by visiting time.health/contact-us, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.Under certain US state data protection laws, you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with applicable laws.Request VerificationUpon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.If you submit the request through an authorized agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity before processing your request and the agent will need to provide a written and signed permission from you to submit such request on your behalf.AppealsUnder certain US state data protection laws, if we decline to take action regarding your request, you may appeal our decision by emailing us at privacy@times.health. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general.California "Shine The Light" LawCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?"11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date at the top of this privacy notice. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at privacy@time.health or contact us by post at: Times Health LLC 1140 Snyder Ridge Ln Knoxville TN 37932 United States13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?Based on the applicable laws of your country or state of residence in the US, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please visit: times.health/data-request. Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This privacy notice for Times Health LLC ("we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such as when you: Visit our website at www.times.health, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice Download and use our mobile application (Times Health), or any other application of ours that links to this privacy notice Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at privacy@times.health. SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Do we process any sensitive personal information? We may process sensitive personal information when necessary with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Do we collect any information from third parties? We do not collect any information from third parties. How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by visiting times.health/data-request, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? Review the privacy notice in full. TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? 3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 4. DO WE OFFER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-BASED PRODUCTS? 5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? 6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? 7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS? 8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? 9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES 10. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? 11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? 12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? 13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU? 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Personal information you disclose to us In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us. Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following: Nick Name Age Gender Sensitive Information. When necessary, with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we process the following categories of sensitive information: Health Data Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission: Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's microphone, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information. 2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including: To send administrative information to you. We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information. To request feedback. We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services. To identify usage trends. We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them. To comply with our legal obligations. We may process your information to comply with our legal obligations, respond to legal requests, and exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights. 3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties. We may need to share your personal information in the following situations: Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us. 4. DO WE OFFER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-BASED PRODUCTS? In Short: We offer products, features, or tools powered by artificial intelligence, machine learning, or similar technologies. As part of our Services, we offer products, features, or tools powered by artificial intelligence, machine learning, or similar technologies (collectively, "AI Products"). These tools are designed to enhance your experience and provide you with innovative solutions. The terms in this privacy notice govern your use of the AI Products within our Services. Use of AI Technologies We provide the AI Products through third-party service providers ("AI Service Providers"), including Google Cloud AI. As outlined in this privacy notice, your input, output, and personal information will be shared with and processed by these AI Service Providers to enable your use of our AI Products for purposes outlined in "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?" You must not use the AI Products in any way that violates the terms or policies of any AI Service Provider. Our AI Products Our AI Products are designed for the following functions: AI bots Natural language processing How We Process Your Data Using AI All personal information processed using our AI Products is handled in line with our privacy notice and our agreement with third parties. This ensures high security and safeguards your personal information throughout the process, giving you peace of mind about your data's safety. 5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. 6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment. 7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS? In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market to children under 18 years of age, nor do we knowingly sell such personal information. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at privacy@time.health. 8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, depending on your country, province, or state of residence. Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below. However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at privacy@times.health. 9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice. California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser DNT signals. Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time. 10. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? In Short: If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. More information is provided below. Categories of Personal Information We Collect We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months: We only collect sensitive personal information, as defined by applicable privacy laws or the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. Sensitive personal information may be used, or disclosed to a service provider or contractor, for additional, specified purposes. You may have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you. We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of: Receiving help through our customer support channels; Participation in customer surveys or contests; and Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries. We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to provide the Services or for: Category H - As long as the user has an account with us Category L - As long as the user has an account with us Sources of Personal Information Learn more about the sources of personal information we collect in "WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?" How We Use and Share Personal Information Learn about how we use your personal information in the section, "HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?" Will your information be shared with anyone else? We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Learn more about how we disclose personal information to in the section, "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?" We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information. We have not disclosed, sold, or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We will not sell or share personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users, and other consumers. Your Rights You have rights under certain US state data protection laws. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include: Right to know whether or not we are processing your personal data Right to access your personal data Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data Right to request the deletion of your personal data Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us Right to non-discrimination for exercising your rights Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising (or sharing as defined under California’s privacy law), the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling") Depending upon the state where you live, you may also have the following rights: Right to obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California's and Delaware's privacy law) Right to obtain a list of specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including Oregon’s privacy law) Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California’s privacy law) Right to opt out of the collection of sensitive data and personal data collected through the operation of a voice or facial recognition feature (as permitted by applicable law, including Florida’s privacy law) How to Exercise Your Rights To exercise these rights, you can contact us by visiting times.health/data-request, by visiting time.health/contact-us, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. Under certain US state data protection laws, you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with applicable laws. Request Verification Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. If you submit the request through an authorized agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity before processing your request and the agent will need to provide a written and signed permission from you to submit such request on your behalf. Appeals Under certain US state data protection laws, if we decline to take action regarding your request, you may appeal our decision by emailing us at privacy@times.health. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general. California "Shine The Light" Law California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" 11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date at the top of this privacy notice. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. 12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at privacy@time.health or contact us by post at: Times Health LLC 1140 Snyder Ridge Ln Knoxville TN 37932 United States 13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU? Based on the applicable laws of your country or state of residence in the US, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please visit: times.health/data-request. Get Invited!Email us at invite@times.healthDownload App Email us at invite@times.health Download App Get Invited!Email us at invite@times.healthDownload App Email us at invite@times.health Download App Get Invited!Email us at invite@times.healthDownload App Email us at invite@times.health Download App Times Health Empowering you with a secure, AI-driven virtual healthcare assistant for personalized health and wellness. Submit a Suggestion? Times AI Home Technology AI Doctor Download About Us Changelog Contact Us Enterprise Chronic Care For Clinics For Payers Beta Program Get our latest updates and news by joining our invitation list. By signing up you agree to our; 1. Privacy Policy 2. Terms of Use API Status Page ⚫︎ Trust Center © 2024 Times AI Health, LLC. Made with 🤍 in 🇺🇸 Tennessee Times Health Empowering you with a secure, AI-driven virtual healthcare assistant for personalized health and wellness. Submit a Suggestion? Times AI Home Technology AI Doctor Download About Us Changelog Contact Us Enterprise Chronic Care For Clinics For Payers Beta Program Get our latest updates and news by joining our invitation list. By signing up you agree to our; 1. Privacy Policy 2. Terms of Use API Status Page ⚫︎ Trust Center Times AI Health © 2024 All rights reserved Made with 🤍 in 🇺🇸 Tennessee Times Health Empowering you with a secure, AI-driven virtual healthcare assistant for personalized health and wellness. Submit a Suggestion? Times AI Home Technology AI Doctor Download About Us Changelog Contact Us Enterprise Chronic Care For Clinics For Payers Beta Program Get our latest updates and news by joining our invitation list. By signing up you agree to our; 1. Privacy Policy 2. Terms of Use API Status Page ⚫︎ Trust Center © 2024 Times AI Health, LLC. Made with 🤍 in 🇺🇸 Tennessee
