This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users. Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. Users can contact the Owner, to learn more about such standards. This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser. Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data Personal Data: Trackers; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service Personal Data: address; email address; first name; last name Personal Data: email address; first name; last name Personal Data: body measurements & indexes; date of birth; gender Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service Personal Data: Usage Data Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document. The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps. Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Optional auto-renewing Tip Jar subscription is available for $0.49 per month (price varies by territory) located in the app Settings page. Payments will be charged to your iTunes Account after confirmation. Subscription automatically renewed unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the subscription period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. Subscriptions may be managed in your iTunes Account’s Settings after purchasing. Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage third party service providers. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your country. While such information is outside of US, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country. However, our practices regarding your Personal Information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy and, if applicable, we will comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of Personal Information from the EU/EEA to third country.This privacy policy relates solely to this Application. This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.Crashlytics (Google Inc.)Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google Inc.Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy This Application may send push notifications to the User. Funn Media, LLC - 9624 S Cicero Ave. #270, Oak Lawn IL 60453 (USA) Owner contact email: privacy@funnmedia.com Funn Media, LLC - 9624 S Cicero Ave. #270, Oak Lawn IL 60453 (USA) Owner contact email: privacy@funnmedia.com Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: gender; date of birth; body measurements & indexes; first name; last name; address; email address; Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example). Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document. Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application. The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time. The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data. Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent. The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Handling activity data, Contacting the User, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Managing support and contact requests, Advertising, Analytics, Platform services and hosting and User database management. For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”. Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Trackers for identifying Users, behavioral retargeting i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, or to measure ads performance. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document. Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. that connects data from the Meta Audience Network with actions performed on this Application. The Meta pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Meta Audience Network. Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out. AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google LLC.In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy. Personal Data processed: Trackers; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the Application and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. One of those partners is AppVestor, whom respects the users fundamental legal rights to data protection and privacy. Click on the following link to access AppVestor’s Privacy PolicyAppvestor Privacy Policy Link: https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy/ The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header. Personal Data processed: address; email address; first name; last name. By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase. Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name. This type of services allows the Owner to use the activity data collected by your device in order for this Application to operate or to provide specific features. This may include movements, heartbeat, change in altitude or data about the surroundings. Depending on what is described below, third parties may be involved in the activity tracking. Most devices allow for the User to control which Data is accessed or stored. HealthKit is an activity data handling service provided by Apple Inc. that enables the Owner to access or store activity data. Personal Data processed: body measurements & indexes; date of birth; gender. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application. The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network. This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Application isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile. The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. This type of services allows this Application to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form. The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address). Zendesk is a support and contact request management service provided by Zendesk Inc. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored. This Application is distributed on Apple's App Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc. By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Apple collects basic analytics and provides reporting features that enables the Owner to view usage analytics data and measure the performance of this Application. Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis. Users may opt-out of this analytics feature directly through their device settings. More information on how to manage analysis settings can be found on this page. Personal Data processed: Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to this Application, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving this Application. Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on this Application. Braze is a User database management service provided by Braze, Inc. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document. The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps. Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Optional auto-renewing Tip Jar subscription is available for $0.49 per month (price varies by territory) located in the app Settings page. Payments will be charged to your iTunes Account after confirmation. Subscription automatically renewed unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the subscription period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. Subscriptions may be managed in your iTunes Account’s Settings after purchasing. Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage third party service providers. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your country. While such information is outside of US, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country. However, our practices regarding your Personal Information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy and, if applicable, we will comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of Personal Information from the EU/EEA to third country.This privacy policy relates solely to this Application. This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.Crashlytics (Google Inc.)Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google Inc.Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy This Application may send push notifications to the User. This section applies to all Users in the European Union, according to the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the purposes of processing, the categories of recipients of the Personal Data, if any, and further information about Personal Data can be found in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document. The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent. Therefore: The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period. Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner. In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection. Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document. Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients. The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities. In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request. For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose. More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document. The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required. Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application. The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device. This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: June 27, 2024 This document has been created with the iubenda Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator. See also the Terms and Conditions Generator. iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
