​ WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC (together with their subsidiaries and affiliates), and Weekend Health of Texas, PA, Weekend Health of New Jersey P.C., Weekend Health of Pennsylvania, P.C., Brantley T. Jolly, M.D., Prof. Corp., WW Clinic, PLLC, WW Clinic West PC, WW Clinic Midwest, LLC, and Weekend Health Of New Jersey II, LLC, in connection with WW Clinic (collectively, “WW,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respect your privacy and value your trust. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect your Personal Information, how we use, disclose, and protect such information, and the choices you have concerning the use of such information in connection with our activities based in the United States. This Privacy Policy governs our practices in the United States in connection with information that we collect through: Our Website, App, Social Media Pages, E-Mails, and offline interactions are collectively referred to as our “Service”. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY AFFILIATED MEDICAL GROUP, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WEEKEND HEALTH OF TEXAS, PA, WEEKEND HEALTH OF NEW JERSEY P.C., WEEKEND HEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, P.C., BRANTLEY T. JOLLY, M.D., PROF. CORP., WW CLINIC, PLLC, WW CLINIC WEST PC, WW CLINIC MIDWEST, LLC, WEEKEND HEALTH OF NEW JERSEY II, LLC, THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT (“HIPAA”) FROM PATIENTS OF WEIGHTWATCHERS CLINIC. FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INFORMATION, PLEASE VIEW https://www.weightwatchers.com/us/npp “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. The Service collects Personal Information and other information, including the following: We may collect your name, address, email address, and telephone number. When you create an account, we collect your username and password information. We may collect demographic information such as your address, birth date, gender, profession, the number of children that you have, and your race and/or ethnicity. We may collect information regarding your weight, eating habits or restrictions, physical activity, health, as well as information that may be collected through devices that you connect to our App, like steps, blood sugar levels, heart rate, etc. (“Health and Fitness Information”). If you enroll in one of our Service programs or offerings, or purchase goods from us, we collect billing and payment information from you. We may also collect records of your purchasing or consuming histories and tendencies, including products purchased or considered by you. We collect information that you post or submit to the Service (including our digital community WW Connect or via a chat box on our Webiste or App) or otherwise provide to us (such as through, for example, surveys, focus groups, questionnaires, online forms, self-assessment quizzes, and contests). This information may include, for example, photographs, videos, posts, comments, and survey, form, or self-assessment responses. We also collect personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. Through our referral tools for informing a friend about our Service, we will automatically send your friend a one-time email containing the information you request to be sent. If you elect to use these referral tools, we will collect from you certain information about your friend such as your friend’s name and email address. We may store that information for purposes of sending the one-time email and as necessary to operate and track the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at privacy@ww.com to request that we remove this information from our database. We may record audio and video of our in-person and virtual meetings, such as for quality and training purposes or to improve our Service. We may collect device information, such as when you visit our Website or use our App. Device information may include your computer and mobile device type, browser type, IP address, online identifiers, domain names, access times, and geolocation information (including the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi signals). We may collect information concerning your interaction with our Service, including when you access our Website or our App, interact with a chat box on our Website or App, and your browsing activity (such as which pages you visit, in what order, and for how long). This may include “traffic data” or tracking information provided by the Website’s host or web analytics providers that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving our Service. This may also include app usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number. We may transcribe, store, process, and analyze your interactions with a chat box on our Website or App. You may not be required to provide certain Personal Information identified in this Privacy Policy to use our Service, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain Personal Information. For example, we may not be able to respond to your requests, create an account for you, or allow you complete a purchase if you do not provide certain Personal Information to us. If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We and our Service Providers (defined below) collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including: (a) directly from you, such as when you sign-up as a member or send communications to us, including via a chat box on our Website or App; (b) if you connect your social media account to your Services account, you will share certain Personal Information from your social media account with us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be or you make accessible to us; (c) if our Service is offered to you through your employer, we may collect information about you from your employer; (d) from third-party mobile applications and devices (such as fitness wearables or other health or wellness monitoring devices) if you allow these applications and devices to share information with us or our Service; (e) from your device, operating system and browser when you use our Service or interact with a chat box on our Website or App; (f) from cookies and similar technologies (see “How do We use Cookies and Similar Technologies”); and (g) ad networks. For example, we provide members with the ability to sync with Apple’s HealthKit framework, which provides the ability to access your health and fitness data to help you keep track of your activity in our App on your iPhone and Apple Watch, if you choose. (For more information, see our Apple Health FAQs: https://www.ww.com/us/apple-health-faqs.) Similarly, members have the option to sync information with Google’s Health Connect. The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect Permissions Policy (see https://developer.android.com/guide/health-and-fitness/health-connect-guidelines/health-connect-policy-requirement-faqs), including the limited use requirements at https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/11995078#limited_use_preview). You can also stop WW from accessing your information from your wearable or device by changing the settings of your mobile device. We and our marketing partners, affiliates, or service providers use cookies and similar technologies to analyze trends, administer our Website, track users’ movements around the site and interaction with our Services, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. A cookie is a small string of information that a website that you visit transfers to your browser for identification purposes. We use cookies to: Pixel tags. Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Service (including email recipients and chat box users)), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the Service and response rates. Analytics. We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/‌partners/, and exercise the opt-out provided by Google by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Invisible reCAPTCHA. We use Google’s invisible reCAPTCHA application on our Services in order to protect against spam and other automated abuse. The reCAPTCHA tool may make use of cookies, as well as other information like IP address, date, time, language, screen size and resolution, and mouse movements. The use of the reCAPTCHA tool and any information collected through the tool are subject to Google’s privacy policy, available at https://policies.google.com/privacy, and Google’s terms of service, available at https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en. We partner with third parties to display advertising on our Website and to manage our advertising on other sites. You may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties. These companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags). They also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop. If you would like more information about this practice, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/. You may download the AppChoices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in mobile apps. You can also learn more and opt out of advertising cookies and certain analytics cookies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of our Website. You may also be able to prevent the use of cookies by modifying your Internet browser settings, typically under the section “Help,” “Internet Options,” or “Settings.” If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you may still access our Website, however, you might not be able to access or use important functions or features of our Website, and you may, for example, be required to re-enter your log-in details. Our Service is not designed for or directed to individuals under the age of 18. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Information from individuals under the age of 18. We collect and use Personal Information for various purposes, including: We use Personal Information to provide our Service to you, such as to: enroll you as a member; fulfill orders and or complete transactions that you request; provide community forums for discussions, sharing experiences, posting photos and comments, and asking questions; personalize your experience; process subscription payments and billing; ensure our App and products are compatible with your computer or mobile device; and create, maintain, and otherwise manage your account and membership. We use your Personal Information to communicate with you, such as to: send notifications to you related to your account, purchases, and membership; provide customer service, including via a chat box on our Website or App; respond to and/or follow-up on your requests, inquiries, issues, or feedback; and send you requests to participate in surveys and similar research. We use Personal Information: to understand how you use or interact with our Service, advertisements, and communications, including via a chat box on our Website or App; to conduct research and analytics, including to improve our Service and our marketing campaigns and to create new products and offerings; to analyze and evaluate issues relating to nutrition, weight-loss, behavior, and fitness; and to personalize your experience when you use our Service. We use Personal Information for marketing and promotional purposes, such as: to send marketing, advertising, and promotional communications by email, phone, text message, postal mail, or the cat feature on our Website or App; to show you advertisements that we and our partners believe will be tailored to your interests; and to administer contests and other promotions. We use Personal Information to contact you for and to conduct research and measurement activities for purposes of product and service research and development, to contribute to academic research, for advertising claim substantiation, market research, and other activities related to the Services. We use Personal Information: to support our core business functions, including to maintain business process management records; to conduct audits; to collect amounts owed to us; and to provide and maintain the functionality of our Service and interactive features thereof, including identifying and addressing errors or problems. We use Personal Information to: detect, investigate, prevent, and take action regarding possible or actual security incidents and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and to prosecute those responsible; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; and protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of you or others. We use Personal Information to: comply with legal and regulatory obligations; to establish or exercise our rights and enforce our terms and conditions; to defend against legal claims; to cooperate with law enforcement; and in the event of a change to the control or financial status of the company, including a corporate restructuring, sale, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, transfer, or assignment of assets or business merger or divestiture. We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized information from the Personal Information we collect, including by removing information that makes the information personally identifiable to a particular person. We may use and share with third parties aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized information. If personal data is to be used in a way not previously disclosed or shared with external parties not covered in this Privacy Policy, you will be provided the opportunity to opt-out. We share Personal Information with the following third parties: We may disclose Personal Information to our Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Affiliate” means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with WW International, Inc. or WW.com, LLC, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Affiliates will be treated by those Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may also share Personal Information with franchisees of WW International, Inc. We may employ independent contractors, vendors, and suppliers (collectively, “Service Providers”) to provide specific services and products related to our Website, App, or products, such as providing payment processing, fraud screening, implementation of our chat box, and IT hosting, development, and support. We may share your Personal Information with third parties that we have partnered with to jointly create or offer a product, service, or joint promotion; third parties whose products we may link to within the Service, or third-parties that facilitate health-related services, or for academic or medical research (“Third-Party Partners”). If you decide to obtain a product or service or participate in a joint promotion that is offered by us and these third-party partners, the information you provide will be shared with us and them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy, but by their own respective privacy policies. We may also share your information with these Third-Party Partners in the event we suspect you are violating our Terms & Conditions, our Subscription Agreement, or the law. Information that you share through WW Connect or through other community areas of our Website and App is accessible to other users. In certain cases, users may also re-share or pin posts that you share and add commentary. You should be aware that any information shared in a public or community forum such as a message board, blog, personal page, posting, group, bulletin board, public profile, or recipe swap is public information and may be seen or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. Although the availability of personal pages or groups identified as “private” may be limited to certain permitted users, even information or profiles marked “private” may be viewed by our personnel. You should think carefully before disclosing any information in any public forum, or through a public profile, including those available on our Website and App. In addition, with your consent, we publish testimonials on our Website and in other materials. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRIVACY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN INFORMATION IS SHARED ON OUR PUBLIC FORUMS OR WHEN YOU PROVIDE INFORMATION (INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION) THROUGH PUBLIC PROFILE FEATURES OR THROUGH ANY COMMUNITY AREA OR PUBLIC FORUM. As noted above, our Website and App have features such as cookies and pixels that are used to track your activity on or interactions with the Websites and App, and other websites that you visit. Information gathered through these technologies are shared with third-party web analytics providers, advertising networks, and Social Media Platforms. Consistent with your choices, we share information, including sensitive Personal Information, with these third parties to understand how users interact with our Website and App and to provide you with advertisements that we and/or these third parties believe will be relevant to you. We may disclose Personal Information if we believe we are required to do so to comply with an applicable statute, regulation, rule, or law; a subpoena; a search warrant; a court or regulatory order; or other valid legal process. We may also disclose Personal Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions, our Subscription Agreement, or the law, or where we believe disclosing such information is necessary to protect the safety and/or security of our users, our Website, or the public. We may disclose Personal Information to third parties in connection with a change to the control or financial status of the company, including a corporate restructuring, sale, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, transfer, or assignment of assets or business merger or divestiture. The Service, including our Website and App, contains links to other websites not owned or operated by WW (for example, if you “click” on a link to one of our social media pages, you will be taken off our Website and to the social media platform), including links to websites operated by franchisees of WW. This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Service links. The inclusion of a link on the Service does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the App or our Social Media Pages. We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the below. We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out. Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Please note that we do not interpret or respond to the “Do Not Track” browser-based signal. However, we recognize the Global Privacy Control as a valid request from you to opt out of advertising and certain analytics cookies. You may also set your browser to not accept new cookies or web beacons, be notified when you receive a new cookie, or reject cookies generally. Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the “Help” section of the toolbar. Please note that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use certain products, offerings, features, or resources of our Website (including our products). Upon request, WW will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. You can always contact us to: (1) update or correct your Personal Information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) delete the Personal Information maintained about you on our systems, by accessing Account Settings or contacting us at the address set out below. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. Unless otherwise required by law, such updates, corrections, changes, and deletions will not affect other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change, or deletion. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our systems. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of Personal Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. In addition, in some cases we may be required to maintain certain information to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. After receiving your request, Personal Information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed, or deleted, as appropriate and to the extent permitted or required by law. We retain your information for various purposes as allowed by law, including to ensure that we can continue to provide our services to you as requested, that we respect your opt-out wishes into the future, and that we can comply with our legal obligations. These disclosures are intended to supplement this Privacy Policy with information for residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Collection, Processing, Disclosure, Sale, and Sharing of Personal Information The following chart details which categories of Personal Information we collect and process, as well as which categories of Personal Information we disclose to third parties for our operational business purposes, including within the 12 months preceding the date this Privacy Policy was last updated. The chart also details the categories of Personal Information that we “sell” to third parties or “share” for purposes of cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising, including within the 12 months preceding the date this Privacy Policy was last updated. Please refer to the main Privacy Policy above for more detailed information about the categories of Personal Information, recipients and processing purposes referred to in this chart. Categories of Personal Information Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising Processing Purposes Identifiers, such as: Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Third-Party Partners; Advertising Providers Providing our Service; Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Personal Information as defined in the California customer records law, such as: Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales Third-Party Partners; Advertising Providers Third-Party Partners; Advertising Providers Providing our Service; Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Protected Class Information, such as characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as: Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Analytics Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales Third-Party Partners; Advertising Providers Third-Party Partners; Advertising Providers Providing our Service; Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Commercial Information, such as Transaction information and purchase history, including purchases considered, consuming histories or tendencies Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Providing our Service; Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Internet or network activity information, such as Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Providing our Service; Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Geolocation Data, such as Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Providing our Service; Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Audio/Video Data. Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales N/A N/A Providing our Service; Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about, for example, an individual’s preferences or characteristics Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Other Users; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Analytics Providers; Advertising Providers Communicating with you; Analytics and personalization; Marketing and promotional purposes; Research; Business functions; Security, Safety, and fraud prevention; Legal rights and obligations; De-identifying and aggregating Data Sensitive Personal Information Affiliates; Service Providers; Third-Party Partners; Analytics Providers; Laws and Legal Rights; Business Sales N/A N/A Please see the section below, entitled “Collection, Processing, and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.” To request to opt out of any future sale of your Personal Information and/or “sharing” of your Personal Information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, or any future processing for purposes of targeted advertising, click here: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationCollection, Processing, and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information Subject to your consent where required by applicable law, we collect, process, and disclose Sensitive Personal Information for purposes of: providing goods or services as requested; ensuring safety, security, and integrity; countering wrongful or unlawful actions; short term transient use such as displaying first party, non-personalized advertising; performing services for our business, including maintaining and servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on behalf of our business; and activities relating to quality and safety control or product improvement; and other collection and processing that is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about an individual. In addition, we may use Sensitive Personal Information for the following purposes: Retention Period We retain each category of Personal Information, including Sensitive Personal Information, for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was collected. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: GO TO TOP OF PRIVACY POLICY Rights and RequestsYou may, subject to applicable law, make the following requests: You have the right not to be unlawfully discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights. For requests #1-5, please send an email to privacy@ww.com. You can also call us toll-free at 1-800-651-6000. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request. We may decline to honor your request where an exception applies. We may need to request your date of birth, billing address and other information, in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests. If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing or deleting your Personal Information. If you make a request to delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your Personal Information. We do not knowingly sell or “share” Personal Information (including Sensitive Personal Information) of minors under 18 years of age. To request to opt out of any future sale of your Personal Information and/or “sharing” of your Personal Information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, or any future processing for purposes of targeted advertising, click here: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. If you are not logged into your WW account or you do not have a WW account, your request to opt out will be linked to your browser only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and your account is not known to us. As such, you will need to apply these settings on each device and browser from which you wish to opt out. Similarly, if you clear your browser’s cache (such as by deleting cookies), you will have to apply this setting again. We also process opt-out preference signals, such as the Global Privacy Control. These signals set your opt-out preferences only for the particular browser or device you are using and any consumer profile that we associate with that browser or device (unless you are logged into your account, in which case we will honor the signal with respect to that browser or device and your account, including your offline consumer profile associated with that account). If you wish to set your opt-out preferences for offline uses of your Personal Information and you are not logged into your account, please call us at 1-800-651-6000 or email privacy@ww.com. For information about how to use the Global Privacy Control, please visit https://globalprivacycontrol.org/. Appeal ProcessIf you are a Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia resident and if we refuse to take action on your request, you may appeal this refusal within a reasonable period after you have received notice of the refusal. You may file an appeal by contacting us at privacy@ww.com. You can also call us toll-free at 1-800-651-6000. Authorized AgentsIf an agent would like to make a request on your behalf as permitted under applicable law, the agent may use the submission methods noted in the section entitled “Rights and Requests.” We will process the agent’s request consistent with applicable law. As part of our verification process, we may request that the agent provide, as applicable, proof concerning their status as an authorized agent. In addition, we may require that you verify your identity as described in the section entitled “Rights and Requests” or confirm that you provided the agent permission to submit the request. If you are a California resident and an agent makes a request on your behalf, we may request a power of attorney provided to the agent by you pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4121 4130. If you have not provided a power of attorney, we may require proof that you have provided signed permission authorizing the agent to make a request on your behalf. (“Signed” means that the permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically in accordance with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code 1633.7 et seq.) We may also require you to: (i) verify your own identity directly with us; or (ii) directly confirm with us that you provided the agent permission to submit the request. If an agent wants to make a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information or a request to limit our use of your Sensitive Personal Information on your behalf, we may only ask for the proof that you have provided signed permission authorizing the agent to make a request on your behalf. De-Identified InformationWhere we maintain or use de-identified information, we will continue to maintain and use the de-identified information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the information. Questions If you have any questions, please contact us at the contact information in the Whom Do You Contact If You Have Any Privacy Questions? section below. We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Service. You should refer to and review this Privacy Policy on a regular basis for updates. We may also provide a message through our Website, on our App, or via an email address associated with your account informing you of changes to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or feel that we are not abiding by the terms of our posted Privacy Policy, please contact us at: WW International, Inc.18 West 18th Street, 7th FloorNew York, NY 10011privacy@ww.com800-651-6000 EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework with UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. In the context of onward transfers, WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC are accountable for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We remain liable under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles if the WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC’s agent processes personal information in a manner inconsistent with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, unless WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact us at: privacy@ww.com or call us at 1-800-651-6000 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, WW International, Inc., WW.com, LLC and WW North America Holdings, LLC commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for more information or to file a complaint. These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you. For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction. Last Updated on May 12, 2025 The WeightWatchers® Logo, WeightWatchers®, Points, and ZeroPoint are trademarks of WW International, Inc. ©2025 WW International, Inc. All rights reserved.
